Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/esmadautovic
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
REST
SOA
Python
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Esma Dautovic
Software Engineer at Rover.com
Seattle, Washington
Summary
- Experienced software engineer with a focus in scalable services
and platform tools.
- Passionate about working with complex domains such as
geospatial, genetics, and nutrition.
- Always excited to share knowledge, present technical details and
communicate with a non-technical audience.
- Passionate about interviewing, recruiting, onboarding, mentoring
and helping form and shape the team and the culture.
Experience
Rover.com
Software Engineer
July 2018 - Present (1 year 8 months)
Greater Seattle Area
Account signup and profile management project :
- Tech lead on project to plan an iterative approach with an MVP using
Python / Django / Django Rest Framework (DRF), MySQL and AWS.
- Implemented and ran technical mentoring pilot program. With its success,
Rover has now has an expanded mentoring program within the tech
organization.
The Climate Corporation
Software Engineer
December 2016 - June 2018 (1 year 7 months)
Greater Seattle Area
Infrastructure and Dev Tools :
- Extended dev cli tool to read yaml specs and create CloudFormation
templates via Troposphere for RDS, DDB, DDB autoscaling and alarms, Api
Gateway, etc. Integrated with AWS Lambda to make swagger files deployable
artifacts with peer reviews for api gateways.
- Feature development and maintenance of monitoring ecosystem comprised
of Prometheus with auto-discoverable targets (ECS tasks and services, EC2
services, EMR jobs, etc) in our multiple AWS accounts across regions with
Page 1 of 4
Grafana, NewRelic, Splunk and metrics exporters for CloudWatch, cAdvisor,
etc.
Geospatial Product Dev :
- Integrated cloud detection models and implemented scouting algorithms in
Clojure that alert on problem areas by geospatial interest via images stored in
DynamoDB.
- Developed features on existing data ingest pipeline to ingest public and
private satellite products using Python, Celery, RabbitMQ, AWS (EC2,
DynamoDB, S3) and Climate's Mandoline raster data store.
- POC of running image transformation algorithms on GPGPUS, 50%
decreased cost.
Lifesum
Software Engineer
June 2015 - December 2016 (1 year 7 months)
Stockholm, Sweden
Architected and implemented search service and the data ranking algorithm :
- Sphinx is used for indexing the exponentially growing crowd-sourced data
from MySQL and for custom ranking algorithms.
- AWS hosted and serving our 16+ million users under 35 ms per search
request
- Receives over 60% of all user traffic and has scaled over the year to handle
twice the load with 99.9% uptime.
- Led workshops to expose the inner workings to other engineers as well as
non IT coworkers.
- Documented architecture and implementation decisions for easy onboarding.
Developed infrastructure tools to enable faster delivery by other developers :
- A framework agnostic template allowing you to generate a base Python
microservice with Ansible scripts, enabled same day production deploy of new
service.
- A Python library for a unified logging strategy using Logstash, Structlog,
Sentry, NewRelic and Gunicorn's configuration.
- A public project exploring Smartstack for service auto discovery along with
a tutorial exploring various failure states of each component and recovery
expectations.
Lead engineer on recipes feature, worked closely with iOS engineers to
develop a seamless user experience across all recipe views.
Page 2 of 4
Interviewed and screened, helped in recruiting via speaker events, resulting in
more than doubling size of backend team.
The Climate Corporation
Software Engineer
March 2014 - April 2015 (1 year 2 months)
Service owner for geospatial ingest :
- Developed features on existing data ingest framework, see more recent work
above for more details.
Monsanto
Software Engineer
June 2011 - June 2014 (3 years 1 month)
Saint Louis, MO
Developed rules engine for FieldScripts® :
- FieldScripts® evaluates yield utilizing more than 20 data layers to assess
and diagnose each field, including: SSURGO soil data, topography, geo-
spatially referenced yield data, soil tests and revolutionary field testing of seed
performance across soil environments and population densities.
- Data was aggregated through Hadoop, R and Java.
Leading developer on progeny generation engine :
- It sits at the core of our systems through which all records must pass when
seed is harvested or acquired.
- Helped coordinate other team members and trained test engineers, business
analysts, and customer advocates.
Implemented restrictive and regularity categorization and trial intent features
on capital projects. Ensured real time plot categorization when adding already
ranked plant sets.
Worked in SOA based workflow application to create, maintain, and plan
breeding experiments across North America based on plant genetics and
targeted traits :
- Front end was written in custom open ended framework with Java Swing,
Spring, and JGoodies Bindings.
- Web services were implemented using Apache CXF, Spring, JMS queues,
and Hibernate on Weblogic Servers integrated with Coherence for caching.
Page 3 of 4
Mentoring current co-ops and onboarding new developers.
Education
Webster University
B.S. in Computer Science, B.A. in Interacive Media · (2006 - 2011)
Page 4 of 4
