Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/taylor-kohn-
b77b7b55 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Programming
Java
JavaScript
Honors-Awards
Best Demo - Software Engineering
Senior Project
Best Technical Knowledge -
Software Engineering Senior Project
Taylor Kohn
Full Stack Developer at OnShift
Cleveland, Ohio
Experience
OnShift
Full Stack Developer
June 2017 - Present (2 years 9 months)
Cleveland, Ohio
I work on Engage, our cloud-deployed workforce engagement solution
which allows retirement and assisted living communities to track employee
performance and satisfaction and reward them in hopes of lengthening
turnover time. Our team is made up of nine individuals (three full-time
developers) and adheres to the Agile methodology. I work on our React/Redux
Javascript frontend, Python backend, and various custom microservices. We
use the aforementioned tools, as well as docker, git, Jenkins, REST, GRPC,
and multiple testing frameworks.
IBM
Software Developer
June 2015 - June 2017 (2 years 1 month)
Cleveland, OH
Work on the Integrations team to develop plugins that act as integration points
between UrbanCode products and customers' existing toolsets. I work closely
with customers to develop fixes and features for existing plugins, as well as
to create integrations that are in high demand. I operate mostly using Groovy,
Java, Ant and XML, as well as a wide array of API's.
Fast Enterprises, LLC
Implementation Consultant
August 2014 - May 2015 (10 months)
Fast offers commercial-off-the-shelf software for government agencies. I
worked on GenTax, their integrated tax solution. I was stationed in Santa Fe,
working closely with the New Mexico state government. The most important
aspects of the position are Production Support, maintenance and major fixes.
Operated using ANSI compliant SQL, MS SQL Server, VB.NET and Visual
Studio.
University of Colorado at Boulder Department of Computer Science
Page 1 of 2
Undergraduate Teaching Assistant
August 2012 - December 2013 (1 year 5 months)
Boulder, CO
Helped CSCI 1300 students understand Python, Java and C++ and write their
own programs to solve programming puzzles.
Microsoft
Software Development Engineer Intern - Application Lifecycle Tools
May 2013 - August 2013 (4 months)
Redmond, WA
Independently developed a new feature of Visual Studio. Became fluent in
C# and WPF, and followed a code indicator from start to ship. Learned a
great deal about working for large corporations, as well as with a team of
experienced developers.
BirdBox, Inc.
Intern
May 2012 - August 2012 (4 months)
Techstars Boulder
While Birdbox was a part of Techstars' startup incubation I worked on web
apps, MVC framework and social media incorporation. Created multiple
accounts that were used to test and demo the website. Experienced the early
days of a startup company and became familiar with the world of investors,
elevator pitches and startup companies.
Education
University of Colorado at Boulder
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Science · (2010 - 2014)
Chagrin Falls High School
High School Diploma · (2008 - 2010)
Page 2 of 2
