Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/kaitlin-
brockway-9420105b (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Research
Microsoft Office
Teaching
Kaitlin Brockway
Software Developer at SAP Hybris
Broomfield, Colorado
Experience
SAP Hybris
Software Developer
October 2017 - Present (2 years 6 months)
Fort Collins, Colorado Area
Assist in the development of Hybris SAP's commerce solutions.
Collaborate regularly with local and remote team members.
Member of a self-empowered Scrum team, producing software using Agile
principles and engineering-driven decisions.
Write clean, tested efficient code & regularly perform and participate in peer
code reviews.
Tools: Jira, Hipchat, BlueJeans, IntelliJ, Java, MySQL, Hibernate, Spring,
Maven
Denver Tent Rentals
Software Engineer Intern
August 2017 - January 2018 (6 months)
Denver, CO
• Updated and enhanced the quality of Denver Tent Rentals business website.
• Implemented and configured hosting for additional business website for the
new Sarasota Tent Rentals business.
• Use of marketing analytics to enable ongoing evaluation and measurement of
marketing success.
• Assisted in converted an existing internal business application to Ruby on
Rails.
• Assisted in translating and implementing additional requirements into the
business application’s current design.
Tools: WordPress, Ruby on Rails, Rspec, MySQL, Git, GitHub, Bash, Unix,
HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery
Dawnbreaker, Inc.
Contractor
May 2016 - July 2017 (1 year 3 months)
3161 Union Street N. Chili, NY 14514
Page 1 of 3
o Implemented system improvements, updates, tests (unit, integration and
system), bug fixes and improvements to a previously inefficient scheduling
application that was causing a loss in productivity for contractors and
employees
o Configured and Implemented system support for real-time application
updates with Rails ActionCable WebSockets
o Designed and built database components and performed migration
maintenance to support new features and system enhancements
o Improved system security by providing system authorization using
the ‘access_policy’ gem and authentication using the ‘devise’ and
‘devise_invitable’ gems. Defined 3 user roles, each with their own unique
authorization rights
Tools: Ruby, Rails 4/5, I18n/Internationalization, YAML, MySQL,
MySQLWorkbench, MySQL server, HTML5, CSS, Sass 3, JQuery, JavaScript,
AJAX, XML, ActionCable/WebSockets, GitLab, Git, JIRA, JSON, RSpec,
Minitest, FactoryGirl, Selenium, PhantomJS, Poltergeist, Capybara, Slack,
Bash, Unix, Rspec, Minitest, Coffee Script, Delayed Job
Boulder Tent Rentals
Software Developer Intern
December 2014 - August 2015 (9 months)
• Designed, Implemented and enhanced the quality of Boulder and Denver
Tent Rentals business websites
• Use of marketing analytics to enable ongoing evaluation and measurement of
marketing success
• Designed and Implemented an event scheduling application primarily used
for inventory and event management operations
Tools: WordPress, Django Python Framework, Bash, Unix, HTML, CSS,
Bootstrap, JavaScript, git, SQLite
Adirondack Medical Center
Certified Nursing Assistant
June 2012 - June 2013 (1 year 1 month)
Uihlein; Adirondack Medical Center: Lake Placid, NY
Daily responsibilities consisting of: Assisting residents with daily living skills
such as, hygiene and dietary needs. Working hands on to help and encourage
residents to increase and improve their mobility. Provide emotional support.
Cleaning, organizing and restocking supplies.
Page 2 of 3
North Country Community College
Life Guard
May 2012 - May 2013 (1 year 1 month)
North Country Community College: Saranac Lake, NY
Daily Responsibilities: Ensure safety and well-being of all patrons.
Proper supervision. Consistent enforcement of rules and regulations in a
professional manner. Respond quickly to emergencies in and out of the water,
administering First Aid as needed. Report unsafe conditions to the Athletics
Supervisor.
North Country Community College
Math Tutor
October 2011 - December 2011 (3 months)
Saranac Lake, NY
Daily Responsibilities: Assisting students in understanding concepts of
MAT108/Technical Mathematics and MAT129/Intermediate Algebra. Working a
variety of methods to help students better understand the course material.
Education
Rochester Institute of Technology
Bachelor’s Degree, Software Engineering · (2014 - 2018)
North Country Community College
Associate's degree, Liberal Arts and Sciences/Liberal Studies · (2011 - 2013)
Page 3 of 3
