Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/leannecheung
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
HTML 5
CSS
JavaScript
Languages
Chinese
Leanne Cheung
Software Developer at Freelance
Denver, Colorado
Summary
Full Stack Web Developer with experience in client and server side
web applications using Javascript and Node. Passionate about
learning and improving programming skills, identifying barriers, and
writing clean code to create scalable web applications.
Front-end: JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, React
Back-end: NodeJS, Express, PM2
Database: Redis, MongoDB, Mongoose, PostgreSQL, NoSQL, SQL
Techniques: RESTful API, Sockets, OOP, MVC, microservices
Testing: Mocha, Chai, Jest
Others: Unix/Linux, Heroku, YubiKey authentication, Git/Github/
GitLab, Agile/Scrum/Kanban
Language: Chinese(Mandarin and Cantonese)
Interests: Pool/Billiards, Hiking, Gardening, and Poker
Shoot me an email at: leannecheung00@gmail.com
Experience
Freelance
Software Developer
March 2019 - Present (1 year 1 month)
• Adding features and fixing bugs for managing user orders and services
part of an application for Zayo Group to provide a better and smooth user
experience (December 2019 - Present)
• Added feature to an application for Bitwise LLC ( March - April 2019)
ShapeShift
Software Developer
April 2016 - January 2019 (2 years 10 months)
Greater Denver Area
Page 1 of 5
Cryptocurrency asset management exchange
https://shapeshift.io
• Reduced 60% of Bitcoin Exchange time by creating and comparing metrics
with 2 third-party APIs and integrated with the higher performant one
• Developed a slack bot for managing coins. Not only that it had a personality,
it also reduced over 95% of time-saving compared to the previous method
• Developed a microservice for creating liquidity for the platform
• Authored technical product documentation for new features and
troubleshooting
• Added new features and maintained front-end (Angular I) of the trading
platform
• Improved the PageSpeed Insight for the home page from 75 to 95
• Developed the front-end for Ethereum Splitter, a web and blockchain
application that
prevented Replay Attack after the Ethereum hard fork which processed over
$1 MM of
volume in the summer of 2016
• Performed coin migrations, worth over $5MM of assets
• Built and upgraded full node coin daemons including Bitcoin
self-employed
Freelance Web Developer
November 2015 - April 2016 (6 months)
Denver, CO
• Created new features and contents with Node, Express, HTML, JS, and CSS
for Savory Institute https://www.savory.global
• Created a Wordpress Website for Dr. Larry Frieder https://
bouldersportandspine.com
Gaiam
Front-End Web Developer
July 2015 - October 2015 (4 months)
Louisville, Co
• Created a better user experience by adding a new feature to allow users
to mark their favorite moments while watching a video. An instant animation
played to let users know that they had marked the video and all marked/
Page 2 of 5
loved moments of the video are stored and viewed by more than 10k users.
(Video.js, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery)
• Collaborated with designers and other developers to create a style guide
which was used to keep the visual look and feel consistent across the
application. Added web components that would be used by the rest of the
team according to the style guide.
• Participated as part of an agile team (including a Scrum Master, a system
architect, a product owner, a project manager, a database architect,
designers, and developers), which incorporated daily stand-up as part of a 2
week sprint.
Latitude 40 Consulting, Inc
Full Stack Web Developer
April 2015 - June 2015 (3 months)
Broomfield, CO
• Created a fitness training application in the MEAN stack for an L.A. fitness
trainer. Coded the back-end with JWT tokenization that works across web and
mobile devices. I also coded the public landing page so that any visitors to the
site can sign up and indicate one’s interest in this application. Implemented a
portfolio page for subscribers to add their information like height, weight, and
goals so the trainer can create a customized training program for the user. In
addition, created a page used by trainers to obtain a list of subscribers and
their information.
• Worked as part of a team to create a customized internal tool (using the
MEAN stack) for a sales company by creating customized and responsive
sales order forms according to the clients' specifications. These forms allow
salespeople to record sales data, calculate costs, and give quotes to the
customer. Additionally, inventory people on the administrative side can record
the status of the order and sales items being fulfilled.
• Worked in a team to create a Fantasy Cricket application in MEAN (Mongo
Express Angular Node), researched the rules for Cricket and how to adapt the
rules to a match, and added the rules to the application.
Markit
Associate Web Developer
October 2014 - April 2015 (7 months)
Page 3 of 5
Boulder, CO
Swiftly fixed bugs using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and C# .NET for clients, who
are financial firms.
RefactorU
Full-Stack Javascript Web Developer Apprentice
June 2014 - August 2014 (3 months)
Boulder, CO
Selective, 10-week, immersive course with 700 programming hours. Learning
HTML5, CSS3, Google Chrome Developer Tools, Git/Github, Responsive
Web Design, Javascript, jQuery.js, Twitter Bootstrap, MongoDB, prototyping,
Mongoose, Underscore.js, Node.js, Object-Objected Programming, MVC,
Jade, Heroku, JSON, Ajax, Functional Programming, Agile/Scrum, Grunt,
Handlebars, Backbone.js, Restful API, Passport, Greensock.js, and web
development best practices.
In Step Footwear
Store Manager
June 2013 - February 2014 (9 months)
Mountain View, CA
Managed a locally owned shoe store and provided footwear solutions to
customers.
Linear Technology
Associate Design Engineer
June 2008 - February 2012 (3 years 9 months)
Milpitas, California
• Evaluated Buck Converters and Buck Boost Converters and obtained
performance data. Designed and developed interface boards for Power
Management Integrated Circuit bench evaluation.
• Successfully analyzed and debugged failed customer boards, and provided
solutions to fix the problems.
• Delivered a demonstration on how to use a Thermal Imaging Camera to
capture and record thermal distribution and variation in real time. Provided
useful tips for accurate heat pattern measurement.
National Semiconductor
Audio Test Development Engineer
January 2006 - May 2008 (2 years 5 months)
Page 4 of 5
Sunnyvale, California
• Created test programs and designed interface hardware for testing audio
amplifiers that ranged from Class D Boomer, High-Performance Amplifier, and
High Voltage MOSFET Driver.
• Created documentation on servo-loop for DC parameter testing on High-
Performance Amplifier as a reference for the testing team.
• Increased the value of LME49830 High Fidelity Power Amplifier by 5% by
developing a new solution for testing 30-dB gain 0.0006% THD specification,
which resulted in a Test Development Award.
Maxim Integrated
Engineering Intern
July 2005 - December 2005 (6 months)
Sunnyvale, California
Created test programs, debugged hardware boards, and tested semiconductor
chips.
Education
RefactorU
Full-Stack Javascript Web Developer Programming · (2014 - 2014)
California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo
Bachelor of Science (BS), Electrical and Electronics Engineering
Page 5 of 5
