Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/rachel-
white-03b54b121 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Java
Python
C#
Rachel White
Software Developer at Center for Coastal and Ocean Mapping /
NOAA-UNH Joint Hydrographic Center
Durham, New Hampshire
Summary
Programming Skills:
• Strongest languages: Java and Python
• Application development experience with VisualBasic.Net, Visual
C#, Python, and Java
• Web development experience using Drupal with the LAMP stack as
well as Django
• Knowledge of the relational database model and experience using
SQL
• Comfortable in a Unix environment
• Proficient at Git
Other Knowledge:
• Data structures/algorithms
• Machine learning techniques
• Natural language processing
• Computer vision
Professional Skills:
• 2 years of experience working in an agile environment
• 2 years of research experience
• Experience leading team of junior developers
• Have helped plan sprints and create issues through JIRA
• Experience reviewing pull requests
Experience
Center for Coastal and Ocean Mapping / NOAA-UNH Joint
Hydrographic Center
Software Developer
January 2020 - Present (3 months)
• Currently working with Kalman filters to provide robotic boat with collision
detection and resolution capability.
Page 1 of 3
• Wrote simulation in Python to test the project.
University of New Hampshire, Hubbard Center for Genome Studies
Research Assistant/Software Developer
May 2019 - January 2020 (9 months)
Durham, NH
• Wrote scripts in Python to exhaustively test and verify results from the
PALADIN protein aligner.
• Automated the testing pipeline using Bash and Slurm.
UNH InterOperability Lab
Software Developer
October 2017 - May 2019 (1 year 8 months)
Durham, New Hampshire
• Developed websites for clients in PHP and SCSS using Drupal and the
LAMP configuration resulting in greater ease of use and less time spent by
users completing and submitting applications.
• Debugged and added features to automated report generator application
for client in Visual Studio and C#. Features added included the following
among others: Added several components to the settings form and created
a custom settings form object resulting in improved scalability; Added new
methods which improved the parsing of specific strings from input documents
and stopped the program from crashing; Added new methods to recognize
comments in input documents resulting in more accurate report generation.
• Designed and developed applications in Python to measure latency between
devices.
• Helped architect and develop the frontend and backend of an automated
checklist application for client with the aim to reduce time spent answering
redundant questions and streamline the application process.
• Built website using Django and Mezzanine to help client visualize and
comment on xml schema. Used PostgreSQL as a database and wsgi and
Apache for deployment. Features of the website include the following: Ability
to view the whole schema as a tree; Customization of viewable sections of the
tree; Ability to comment on any given node in the tree.
• Developed IOL visitor login system in Android Studio with Django backend.
• Managed team of junior developers with the following responsibilities:
Partially responsible for issue creation and sprint planning, responsible for
making sure the client's website had all of our latest changes, responsible for
delegating work to the junior developers.
Page 2 of 3
International Private Banking Systems
Software Developer, Intern
May 2017 - July 2017 (3 months)
• Developed a tax compliance program using VB.Net and T-SQL which
included the following features: Add members to and remove members from
the compliance administration table; View rules and permissions of members
in the table; Save changes to the database; Save changes to a file; Select all;
Copy; Undo; Redo; Cancel. Release of the application eliminated the need for
technical support to provide permissions to certain users.
Education
University of New Hampshire
Masters, Computer Science · (2017 - 2020)
Page 3 of 3
