Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/rachelcheuk
(LinkedIn)
www.rachelcheuk.com (Company)
Top Skills
JavaScript
Web Applications
MySQL
Languages
Chinese
Certifications
Fundamentals of Design
Accelerating Through Angular 2
ES2015: The Shape of JavaScript to
Come
Leading without Formal Authority
Influencing Others
Honors-Awards
Team and Performance Award
Rachel C.
Innovation through Data Analysis & Data Visualization | Fullstack
Javascript Dev - Vue.js Development
Houston, Texas
Summary
Rachel works with small businesses and startups to develop custom
solutions to meet their business needs. She combines her expertise
in web development, user experience design, marketing, and product
development to offer customized solutions to help companies identify
and grow their product's market. She is currently exploring emerging
technology markets, such as blockchain, AI, and IoT.
Experience
Independent Consultant
Web Development | Web Solutions Consultant
January 2018 - Present (2 years 2 months)
Rachel works with small businesses and startups to develop innovative
new features and products using a variety of old and new technologies. She
specializes in Javascript development.
Realinflo
CTO
January 2019 - Present (1 year 2 months)
Advise on product and web development for Realinflo platform. Develop new
features, fix bugs, improve existing features, and migrate the platform to cloud
infrastructure. Advise on growth strategies.
Scattered Horizons Inc.
Technology Consultant
October 2016 - June 2018 (1 year 9 months)
Scattered Horizons provides software development services. Scattered
Horizons works primarily with early stage and established startups.
Hanover Research
Web Developer
July 2014 - September 2016 (2 years 3 months)
Page 1 of 2
Solely managed and maintained cloud-based application built using Java,
AngularJS, Tomcat, MySQL, and AWS. Developed and tested new features,
improved user experience, addressed customer concerns and issues.
Provided technical feasibility on new and upcoming products within the
firm. Improved internal data storage and retrieval. Designed new Tableau
dashboard prototypes for proprietary data sets.
Booz Allen Hamilton
Senior Consultant (Software Engineer)
October 2011 - June 2014 (2 years 9 months)
Developed and tested new features; maintained existing software platforms
for a number of clients using a variety of technologies, to include Java, Spring,
ExtGWT, Javascript, AngularJS, Ruby on Rails, Docker, AWS, Bootstrap,
Sails.JS, Node.js, Mysql, Postgresql, and much more.
Participated in all stages of the development cycle, from inception to
deployment.
ITT Inc.
Software Engineer
June 2009 - September 2011 (2 years 4 months)
Tested and developed new features; maintained old features for a java based
web application built on J2EE. Developed data visualizations (animated time
series radar chart, thematic maps) using Google Maps and Adobe Flex.
Education
Quantic School of Business and Technology
Executive MBA · (2019)
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
MIT Global Entrepreneurship Bootcamp - Class 5, Australia, Certificate in New
Ventures Leadership · (2017)
The George Washington University
Bachelors
Page 2 of 2
