Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/michelle-
johnson-09029718 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
SharePoint
InfoPath Forms
Powershell
Certifications
Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)
Michelle Johnson
AWS Application Developer at Jacobs
Suitland, Maryland
Summary
SUMMARY
More than 20 years Software Engineering experience and 10 years
Team Lead experience.
GOAL
To find a contract or full-time permanent position as a Team Lead
or Software Engineer creating innovative technology solutions that
met specific business challenges and extends my clients products/
services well beyond the usual limits.
CLEARANCE: TS/SCI with CI Polygraph granted and FBI CI Poly
granted.
Experience
Jacobs
AWS Application Developer/Senior Software Engineer
February 2019 - Present (1 year 1 month)
Reston, VA
• Architecting, developing and re-engineering applications that can fully
leverage the following technologies: Amazon Web Services(AWS)/
Commercial Cloud Services (C2S), EC2, Auto Scaling, Elastic Load Balancing,
Elastic Beanstalk, Jenkins, Git/GitHub, TFS, Visual Studio 2015, ASP.Net
4.5, SharePoint Designer, Angular, Bootstrap, C#, SharePoint APIs, REST,
SOAP, Microsoft IIS Web Server, SQL Server DB/Report Services/Integration
Services.
• Design and develop application services and end-points to implement
business and system capabilities using Amazon Web Services, API’s, SDKs,
SOAP/JSON, and cross domain solutions
• Work with business analysts, user experience developers, Agile Scrum
Master, and project management to estimate and provide updates for Sprints.
Page 1 of 12
• Coordinate with Amazon Technical Staff, Cloud Engineering, Information
Security Staff, Infrastructure Team to design and build a DevSecOps pipeline
for Continuous Integration/Deployment/Delivery.
• Draft white paper with analysis of proposed CI/CD pipeline for development
team and DHS project management staff.
• Coordinate with Infrastructure Team, Cloud Engineering, Information
Security, Staff, and DHS Project Management to create new process for
maintaining baseline AMI(patched and STIG), VM for developers, and
inventory VM no longer in use.
• Coordinate with Infrastructure Team, Information Security Staff, DHS Project
Management and Amazon Technical Staff to create internal process for on-
boarding new team members and requesting new VM for developers.
• Draft white paper with recommendation for internal processes/responsibilities
for on-boarding and maintaining updated AMI for DHS project management
staff.
TEKsystems
2 years 1 month
Senior Software Engineer Technical Lead
June 2018 - Present (1 year 9 months)
935 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Washington, DC 20535
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Director of Intelligence Office,
935 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Washington, DC 20535
Lead team to develop, test, integrate, and maintain MS SharePoint and .NET
applications for the customer's knowledge management, content management,
and business intelligence systems to facilitate access to vital data for mission
support and the business enterprise using the following technologies: Visual
Studio 2012, ASP.Net 4.0, SharePoint Designer, Angular, Bootstrap, Kendo,
C#, SharePoint APIs, AJAX. Jquery, JavaScript, HTML, Microsoft IIS Web
Server, SQL Server.
• Work with SME and customer to architect complex systems that include
sending data across closed networks, creating of API’s, creation of Web
Services, and expert level knowledge of SharePoint 2013 and 2016
development using Agile Scrum Development Methodology
• Assists clients in locating and resolving complex problems with the suite of
tools available.
• Serves as a technical advisor to the customers and development team.
• Creates technical and user documentation for all phases of the SDLC and
users.
Page 2 of 12
• Work with Scrum Master, customers, SME, other support teams to assess
project feasibility, create requirements as requested by client.
• Prepares project plans, maintain backlog, and sprint planning/tracking for
assigned tasks and provides recommendations to client.
• Inventory existing systems in preparation to migrate from SP 2010 to SP
2013, SP OnPremise, to MS Cloud solutions.
• Provides expert support, analysis and research into exceptionally complex
problems, and processes relating to the new project development and support
of existing production systems.
• Create deployment packages and coordinate with Architecture Review
Boards and SP Administrators group to deploy new projects and apply
upgrades to existing production environments.
Senior Software Engineer/SharePoint Developer
February 2018 - June 2018 (5 months)
Defense Threat Reduction Agency, Fort Belvoir VA 22060
• Develop, integrate, and maintain MS SharePoint and .NET applications for
the customer's knowledge management, content management, and business
intelligence systems to facilitate access to vital data for mission support and
the business enterprise using the following technologies: Visual Studio 2012,
ASP.Net 3.5, SharePoint Designer, SP workflows, C#, SharePoint APIs, AJAX.
Jquery, JavaScript, HTML, Microsoft IIS Web Server, SQL Server, VMWare
vSphere Hypervisor/ESXi.
• Customizing SharePoint portal applications, gather requirements, create
RTM, create Project Plans and schedules as required to create solutions that
meet customer’s needs.
• Develop, test, and deploy PowerShell scrips for List Definitions, Site
Templates, Master Pages and other SP tasks.
• Refactor existing SP2010 in preparation to migrating to SP2013 and to
Microsoft Cloud Environment.
• Submit content for/conduct source code peer reviews.
• Create deployment packages.
Prince George's Community College
Software Engineering Trainer (Part-Time)
July 2017 - January 2019 (1 year 7 months)
• Teaching training session for Private Industry Clients
• HTML, CSS, Oracle PL/SQL v 11.2
• JavaScript and Web Services
• Work with client to create course syllabus
Page 3 of 12
• Research subject matter and draft course slides
• Mentor students with challenges on work-related projects
• Training sessions are usually one or two full day/s (6-8) hours.
• Class size varies (8-15 employees)
Metrica, Inc.
Senior Software Engineer, US Air Force Office of Special Investigations
December 2016 - February 2018 (1 year 3 months)
Russel Knots Building, Quantico, VA
US Air Force Office of Special Investigations, Quantico, VA
• Manage upgrade of an existing learning tracking system for all USAF Special
Agents using the following technologies: Visual Studio 2013, Classic ASP,
ASP.Net 2.0/4.0, PhP 5.6, Moodle 3.0, JavaScript, HTML, Microsoft IIS Web
Server, Oracle v11g Database, VMWare 12.0, and Windows 2008.
• Meet with customer and stakeholders to determine requirements, establish
priorities, define project scope, and define appropriate methods for completing
project deliverables.
• Create Virtual Test Lab with Production VM Clones/Snapshots as Staging
and Individual test environments.
• Develop project plan for upgrading system components and software; Oracle
DB, Windows OS, PHP, Classic ASP, and ASP.Net 2.0/4.0.
• Design and Develop code upgrades for custom Moodle/PHP modules,
Classic ASP.Net 2.0/4.0.
• Evaluate Cloud providers that support FED Ramp Security Levels and PKI
CAC Authentication.
• Maintain backlog of project tasks, define work items, plan sprints, and
conduct user acceptance testing.
• Implement SDLC best practices; software change management,
configuration management, integration testing, deployment packages, source
code repositories.
• Devise, develop, and champion system engineering best practices in system
engineering procedures.
• Coordinate operational tasks with multiple team managers to plan, deploy,
and support system engineering responsibilities.
Booz Allen Hamilton
2 years 5 months
Technical Team Lead, US Army INSCOM
June 2015 - February 2016 (9 months)
Page 4 of 12
Ft Belvoir
US Army Garrison, Intelligence and Security Command(INSCOM), Fort
Belvoir, VA
* Manage a complete Systems Engineering Team (Developers, System
Engineers, Database
Administrators) to
* provide maintenance of existing cyber security systems
* redesigning existing external/internal sites using the following technologies:
SharePoint Designer 2010/2013, Visual Studio 2013, SharePoint Server 2013,
JavaScript, HTML, Microsoft Web Server, Unix/HP ArcSight v5.0 Platform,
Oracle Database, and various website used by a number of cyber teams.
* Meet with customer and stakeholders to determine requirements, establish
priorities, define project
scope, and define appropriate methods for completing project deliverables.
* Responsible for creating, and maintaining, a project plan to manage and
report team progress on
meeting defined requirements, milestones, and contract deliverables.
* Design and develop user interfaces by setting expectations and features
priorities throughout the SDLC using Agile design methodologies and tool sets.
Lead Software Engineer
April 2015 - June 2015 (3 months)
US Army Garrison, AFRICOM Command
• Redesign and upgrade existing SharePoint 2010 Site using the following
technologies: SharePoint 2013, SharePoint Designer 2013, MS Visual Studio
2010, Javascript, XML, XSL/XSLT, HTML.
• Evaluate existing functionality and build working prototype using SharePoint
2013 technologies.
• Develops customized interactive web based work flow applications with
event driven notification systems, within the existing Knowledge Management
Operations application architecture framework.
• Design, develop, and deploy new features/functionality throughout the SDLC
using Agile design methodologies and tool sets.
Lead Technologist
August 2014 - May 2015 (10 months)
Arlington, VA
NGA, Office of Communications
• Lead a team of developers in redesigning/converting existing external
SharePoint Site using the following technologies: SharePoint Designer 2013,
Visual Studio 2013, SharePoint Server 2013, JavaScript, and HTML.
Page 5 of 12
• Meet with customer and stakeholders to determine requirements, establish
priorities, define project scope, and define appropriate methods for completing
project deliverables.
• Responsible for creating, and maintaining, a project plan to manage and
report team progress on meeting defined requirements, milestones, and
contract deliverables.
• Design and develop user interfaces by setting expectations and features
priorities throughout the SDLC using Agile design methodologies and tool sets.
• Coordinate with NGA Web Application and System Teams on approved
features/functionality, release package criteria, release package
documentation, server configuration requirements, and test procedures.
Defense Intelligence Agency, Defense Critical Infrastructure Information
Network
* Design and develop updates and new SharePoint websites that supports
the intelligence groups working on the DCIIN using the following technologies:
SharePoint Designer 2013, SP 2013, Visio, REST/SOAP, SQL Server,
JavaScript, XML, XSL/XSLT, CSS, and HTML.
* Troubleshoot development and production problems associated with
migrating the site and data from SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint 2013.
* Created project/task work estimates, tracked development progress, and
communicate task status to Project Management and client.
* Created detailed test plans and test data for Customer Acceptance and
Quality Assurance testing.
* Design and develop Python scripts to ingest SharePoint XML data into
ESRI GeoSpatial Databases, created customized visual tools, and shared
customized views/data using ESRI
GeoSpatial Web Services.
Lead Technologist
October 2013 - August 2014 (11 months)
Indian Head, MD
Defense Intelligence Agency, CRATE Stone Ghost Project
• Manage and Lead a software development team on a R&D project; analysis
and development of a working prototype based on existing software (CRATE)
adapted for the Intelligence and Collection Management Staff working on the
Stone Ghost Network.
• Interview multiple project stakeholders, users, and IC SME to gather
requirements, specifications, and acceptance criteria for new software
Page 6 of 12
• Responsible for day to day coaching of the team, establishing estimates for
requirements and meeting project timelines.
• Author a series of White Papers using the Department of Defense
Architecture Framework (DoDAF) that details the recommended system
enhancements and solutions based on feedback from users and
stakeholders.
• Providing estimates and track development progress to insure working
prototype meets software requirements outlined in White Pagers using
the following technologies: Eclipse, PHP, Oracle 11g, Apache, J-Query,
JavaScript, XML, XSL/XSLT, and HTML.
• Design and develop user interfaces by setting expectations and features
priorities throughout the development life cycle using Agile design
methodologies and tool sets, and design and conduct tests.
• Coordinate with Network Engineering Team & Government contacts during
planning and migration of the applications to production servers.
• Create weekly and monthly team status reports as specified by Project/
Program Management.
• Create Project Progress and Management presentations for Booz Allen
Senior Leadership..
• Host review meetings, lead stakeholder presentations, and participate in
architectural discussions throughout all phases of the SDLC.
• Troubleshoot development and production problems across multiple
environments and operating platforms.
CACI
Lead Software Engineer
June 2009 - June 2013 (4 years 1 month)
US Army, Knowledge Management Operations
* Evaluates existing applications and perform program enhancements for
several applications or projects using the following technologies: SharePoint
2010, SharePoint Designer, InfoPath, MS Visual Studio
2010, SQL Server 2008, ASP.Net 3.5, C#, XML, XSL/XSLT, Windows Server
2008, and HTML.
* Develops customized interactive web based work flow applications with
event driven notification systems, within the existing Knowledge Management
Operations application architecture framework.
* Specify and coordinate all new requirements for all changes requested
by Command Leadership with the supporting commands groups in order to
provide required capabilities to the Command SharePoint Portal. Participates
in software development scheduling and resource planning/estimation.
Page 7 of 12
National Archives
* Performs software design, development, integration, support and testing
of the NARA-Unclassified Redaction and Tracking System website using
the following technologies: MS Visual Studio 2010, Oracle 11, ASP.Net 4.0,
MVC, AJAX, C#, XML, XSL/XSLT, Windows Server 2008, and HTML/J-Query,
Microsoft Workflow.
* Participates in software development scheduling and resource planning/
estimation.
* Consult with Software Architecture Team to create system releases to
include new functionality required for UI customization as specified in user/
functional requirements.
US Army, Genesis Project
* Performs software design, development, integration, support and testing of
the Genesis Intranet Website using the following technologies: MS Visual
Studio, SQL Server 2008, Windows Server 2003, ASP.Net, AJAX, C#, VB
script, ADO, ADO.Net, and HTML/JavaScript.
* Participates in software development scheduling and resource planning/
estimation.
* Provide application & database support for Genesis Project Management
Office and intranet users.
Northrop Grumman
Senior Software Engineer
March 2004 - June 2009 (5 years 4 months)
US Marine Corp
* Performs software design, development, integration, support and testing of
the Marine Corp MCATS Intranet Website using the following technologies:
MS Visual Studio, TOAD, SQL Server 2000/2005,
Windows Server 2003, classic ASP, ASP.Net, VB script, ADO, ADO.Net,
HTML, and Oracle 10.
* Performs requirements analysis and configuration management to maintain
software/hardware
baselines.
GSA
* Serve as a senior software engineer that designs, codes, test, and deploy
GSA web applications for
Page 8 of 12
using the following technologies: MS Windows Server 2003, SQL Server 2000,
MS Visual Studio,
Macromedia MX, ASP.NET 2.0, ASP, C#, JavaScript, VBscript, ADO.Net,
ADO, and HTML.
* Deploy Microsoft Sharepoint Portal for technology preview and proof of
concept for customer GSA.
U.S. Army Human Resource
* Convert the AKO Web Portal Application, Personnel Data Information, to .Net
framework using the
following technologies: ASP.NET, C#, ADO.Net, TOAD, Oracle 9i, JavaScript,
HTML, T-SQL, and
Mainframe Database.
* Serve as a senior software engineer on a team responsible for the design,
development, unit test,
Product Level Testing and Production support for the U.S. Army Human
Resource Command AKO
Web Portal and client-server applications.
* Coordinate with Quality Assurance Team during planning and migration of
the application.
* Specify, construct, and document the artifacts of the Personnel Data
Information Application using
UML. Perform use case and scenario analysis. Design class, use case and
object models. Prepare
and execute unit test plans. Prepare and execute integration test plans.
* Instruct government personnel in the fundamentals of PowerBuilder 8/9 and
Java J2EE technologies.
* Provide Production Level Support for the EPM/SEPM applications using
PowerBuilder 8.0, C
modules, and Oracle 9.0.
Johns Hopkins University
Instructor
May 2004 - May 2005 (1 year 1 month)
Teaching Java and .NET technologies in the JHU Computer Career Institute,
Software Development Certification Program evening &amp; weekend classes.
Sapphire Technology
Web Development & Support
August 2003 - February 2004 (7 months)
Page 9 of 12
* Design and develop web applications for the Department of Defense/NATO
Partnership for Peace
Project website using the following technologies: ASP.NET, C#, ADO.NET,
VB, VB.Net, Microsoft
SQL Server, Java, JavaScript, HTML, and SQL/PL.
* Design and implement enhancements for existing website to incorporate new
technologies, user
statistics, and usability studies.
* Configure server to deliver streaming media content using Real Networks
Helix Universal Server.
Document configuration and installation of streaming media server. Format
raw audio/video files for
delivery by Helix Universal Server over the Internet. Coordinate testing and
integration of media
server into existing network environment.
* Training non-technical clients how to create web pages/sites and maintain
web contents.
* Assisting technical clients in identifying and implementing new technologies
and troubleshooting
functionality issues.
Michelle Johnson & Associates
Software Engineer
January 2002 - January 2003 (1 year 1 month)
Design, code and test components for database-drive e-commerce website,
Women to Women Network. Designed promotional/advertising web pages
for emerging companies. The web pages were developed using following
technologies: HTML, Active Server Pages, SQL 2000, VBScript and
JavaScript.
Technical Consultant for Marketing Staff of IT Consulting Firm, Molen
&amp; Associates. Assist sales and business development staff when
evaluating contracting opportunities and creating work estimates. Meet with
third party vendors to ensure product compliance with system functionality
requirements.
Manage hardware additions, software upgrades for Union Temple Baptist
Church website. Designed layout for new multimedia website, developed code
for the streaming media functionality for website, configured streaming media
server to developer video on-demand, and developed scripts for daily updates
to web pages and streaming video.
Page 10 of 12
LORAL CYBERSTAR
Senior Web Engineer
August 2000 - January 2002 (1 year 6 months)
Design, Develop, Test and Integrate streaming media web portal using the
following technologies:
Active Server Pages, SQL 2000, XML, HTML, VBScript and JavaScript
(browser- and server- side), ActiveX, ADO, COM, and Windows Media, Visual
InterDev, Dreamweaver, HomeSite, Windows Adv Server, IIS.
Coordinate implementation of application to insure the effective delivery of on-
demand and live web content/video over satellite and terrestrial lines to client
intranet websites.
Interface with Product Management and Human Factors personnel to clarify
requirements for system functionality.
Interface with Content Providers for delivery and implementation of graphics,
news feed, and video components of web application.
Maintain expertise in specific core technology area(s); web caching, content
management, workflow management, IIS, and third party software.
Ensure documentation of projects and processes.
Managing hardware additions and deletions, software upgrades and fixes,
outside development, and facilitating contractual relationships.
Operational Technologies Services, Inc
Systems Analyst
March 1999 - August 2000 (1 year 6 months)
Write, maintain, and optimize application components; PowerBuilder user
interfaces, Oracle database, network connections, PL/SQL procedures and
scripts, etc. for FAA Training Planning System.
Migrate existing FAA Training Planning System from PowerBuilder to a web
enable version using ASP and XML.
Developed modules for Satellite Communications Project using Visual C++.
Analyze needs, develop alternatives, evaluate costs and solutions to identify
and implement solutions to effectively address needs of customer.
Coordinate definition, testing, and implementation of solutions, working with
OTS staff, contractors, and solution providers. Ensure documentation of
projects and processes.
Yellow Freight, Inc
Programmer Analyst
April 1997 - February 1999 (1 year 11 months)
Page 11 of 12
Member of a client/server, 3-tier architecture development team. Created
and maintained a tracking system that monitored freight flow, employees,
trucks, delivery times, etc. The application used the following technology:
mainframe scripts/programs, DB2 and Oracle 7.0 databases, C/UNIX modules,
Powerbuilder user interface, Messaging System, and Mobile Handheld
Computers.
Conduct comprehensive analysis of Powerbuilder user interfaces, C/Unix
modules, SQL/PL performance, and Oracle 7.0 tables to determine optimum
solutions to meet customer requirements.
Design and develop effective updates and enhancements to Powerbuilder
user interfaces, C/Unix modules with embedded SQL, and Oracle 7.0 tables as
outlined by development methodology.
Education
University of Missouri-Kansas City
Bachelor of Science - BS, Computer Science · (1992 - 1997)
Page 12 of 12
