Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/lydiawagner
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
User Interface Design
JavaScript
User Experience
Honors-Awards
Best Home/Welcome Page: DuJour
Lydia Wagner
Engineering at Slack
San Francisco, California
Summary
Engineering lead experienced in building and scaling websites and
applications, technical project management (tech specs, scoping
and sprint planning, risk assessment and management, prioritizing
and delivering on deadline), mentoring and growing developers,
and fostering collaboration between engineering and non-technical
stakeholders.
Experience
Slack
Senior Software Engineer
September 2016 - Present (3 years 6 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
• Lead front-end development for new user experience (account creation, sign-
in, and onboarding)
• Work with design and product to set roadmaps and KPIs and prioritize
features and bugs
• Rapidly prototype and iterate on potential team creation and onboarding
flows for user research
• Design and build short- and long-term experiments to increase activation and
usage
• Monitor stability and quality with UI/visual tests, analytics, alerts, custom
logging, and customer service ticket monitoring
• Architected data model and developed guided onboarding for all new
workspace creators
• Managed women’s mentoring program by matching through interest and
leading career conversations
Edelman Digital
Technical Lead
June 2014 - December 2015 (1 year 7 months)
New York, NY
• Developed solutions, wrote and reviewed code, created development/
production environments, and deployed versioned codebases.
Page 1 of 3
• Wrote functional specs and SOWs, scoped projects, and managed JIRA and
sprint / Scrum planning.
• Reviewed/annotated wireframes, comps, and MSAs for technical feasibility
and assessed vulnerabilities via security scans and penetration testing.
• Mentored junior designers and developers and coordinated and managed
third-party development teams.
• Interacted with clients and stakeholders, responding to issue reports and
functionality requests, and consulted on technical aspects of new business
opportunities.
Appy Couple
Lead Web Developer
September 2013 - May 2014 (9 months)
New York, NY
• Responsible for all user interface development for appycouple.com.
• Projects included full-stack website technical refactoring and redesign of 20k
+ wedding websites (PHP, jQuery, SASS) by rapid prototyping, architecting
a multi-template system from an existing code base and rewriting the
administrative website editor with a focus on optimizing UX and performance
and simplifying complex user flows.
Code and Theory
Web Developer
February 2011 - September 2013 (2 years 8 months)
New York, NY
• Developed projects for marquee brands (publishing, e-commerce, media)
under tight deadlines.
• Worked across a broad set of industry-standard and custom content
management systems.
• Technically advised and supported design and project management groups.
• Deployed code and managed servers on Rackspace and AWS hosting
environments
The Adsmith
Web Developer
February 2010 - November 2010 (10 months)
Athens, Georgia
• Managed development workload in collaboration with design team.
Page 2 of 3
• Installed, adapted, and skinned CMS platforms and created custom features
as needed.
• Introduced and standardized project scoping, QA practices, and browser and
usability testing.
Sugar Inc.
Web Developer
May 2007 - August 2009 (2 years 4 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
• Designed and implemented new features on the Drupal-based Sugar network
of sites as first dedicated front-end hire.
• Coordinated between editorial and engineering staff to fix bugs and improve
user experience.
• Prototyped new interfaces and reviewed with product managers and
stakeholders.
• Acted as front-end lead for major site-wide redesign across network of sites
using agile methodologies, focusing on the community user-generated content
platform and customization of administrative interface.
Education
Wesleyan University
BA, Biology
Page 3 of 3
