Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/priya-
shonti-12147213b (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
C++
C
Java
Certifications
MuleSoft Certified Developer - Level
1 (Mule4)
Priya Shonti
MuleSoft Certified Developer | Mulesoft Developer at Mountain State
Software Solutions
Chicago, Illinois
Summary
• 3 years of experience in software development and 2 years of
hands on experience in MULE ESB and Enterprise Application
Integration (EAI).
• Strong integration experience using Mule ESB with Connectors,
transformations using dataweave and building flows using Anypoint
Studio
• API management and deployment on both flavors of Anypoint
Platform: On Premise and CloudHub.
• Expertise in configuring APIs, proxy endpoints, API Portals and
API analytics based on technical specifications with MuleSoft API
manager.
• Experience in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) in building
SOAP web services as well as implementing REST services using
design-first approach with RAML
• Expertise in building event-driven processes using message-broker
RabbitMQ and implementing fault-tolerant applications within flows
• Familiar working with various Mule runtime versions: 3.8.x and
3.9.x
• Adept at working with source control management tools - Bitbucket
and GitHub.
• Exposure to working with project and issue management tools like
JIRA in Agile project lifecycle.
• Proficient in requirements gathering, design and development of
integrations and providing testing support.
Experience
Randstad USA
Software developer
January 2020 - Present (2 months)
Mountain State Software Solutions (MS³ )
Software Developer
Page 1 of 4
August 2017 - December 2019 (2 years 5 months)
Ranson, WestVirginia
• Worked closely with functional leads and project managers to understand the
partner integration requirements.
• Created design document specifications by analyzing functional and non-
functional requirements.
• Designed and documented REST APIs using RAML in design center,
followed best practices to publish them to Anypoint Exchange.
• Leveraged various Mule connectors of diverse protocols such as AMQP,
database and HTTP to build integration flows.
• Deployed applications to on-premise servers and CloudHub by setting up the
proxy applications with whitelisting and Client Id enforcement policies.
• Experience in setting up periodic jobs and alerts in JAMS scheduler to
monitor the queues in RabbitMQ.
• Hands on experience on developing logging framework using KIBANA with
ELK search.
• Used Amazon S3 connector to create and delete the objects from S3 bucket
as a part of integration usage.
• Worked on CSV and JSON data and Mapped data from different formats like
CSV to JSON using DataWeave.
• Developed application to accept the response from cloud ERP and send the
status emails to users using SMTP Connector.
• Implemented catch exception strategy to handle various errors, exceptions
and push the error messages to the logging database using Amazon SQS
queues.
• Used google developers console to create the new project and generate
the ClientID, client secret and token URL’s used for setting up Oauth 2.0
authentication to generate the secret token.
• Created MuleSoft API to retrieve, create new and delete google enterprise
user accounts and assigned to appropriate groups.
• Configured GSuite using Oauth2.0 authentication using HTTP requestor with
appropriate google scopes.
• Good knowledge on Google Oauth 2.0 playground to enable the API’s,
consume them and exchange the tokens.
• Responsible for Migration of API's from 3.7.x to 3.8.5 and validated the APIs.
Softhq
Programmer analyst
March 2017 - July 2017 (5 months)
Greater San Diego Area
Page 2 of 4
Involved in Requirement Gathering, analysis, design and development of the
project. Used Mule ESB in designing the application as a middleware between
the third-party system and the customer side system.
• My responsibilities involve with integrations using connectors such as
Database, HTTP, and File Connectors. Hands on work in MuleSoft Expression
Language (MEL) to access payload data, properties and variable of Mule
Message Flow and using Mule Connectors like FILE, SFTP.
• Extensively worked on Workday to create RAAS reports, web service
enablement etc.
• Used many Mule based components/Scopes like Async, Scatter Gather,
Splitter gather, Resequencer, Message Enricher, For-Each, Choice etc.
• Used Data Weave for data transformations and data validations within flows
& sub flows.
• Experience in creating RAML file using Mulesoft API definition. Experience
in testing REST API’S using Postman tool. Experience in creating SLA tiers,
policies for proxy application.
Intense Technologies
Software Developer
November 2014 - June 2015 (8 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
• Mid Marks Analysis system is an analyzing system which mainly concerns
with analyzing of student marks in an educational institution that deals with
assigning marks to the students.
• Developed code for the web pages and web application using My Eclipse
Software (Java IDE, HTML, and JavaScript).
• Participated in the designing and developing of UI Screens using JSP 1.2,
JavaScript and HTML/XHTML.
• Worked with the real-time data taking into consideration of student marks
from my major at the university.
• Represented the raw data in bar graphs and pie diagrams. Analysis &amp;
study of the new enhancements and guiding the team on the requirements.
Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL), Department of
Atomic Energy, Government of India.
Software Developer
June 2014 - October 2014 (5 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
Page 3 of 4
This project is a management system where the task management mainly
concerns with the workflow management in the organization that deals with the
assigning tasks to the subordinates.
Worked on the front-end of the application and was responsible for designing
the web pages for all the associated users using NetBeans.
Designed UML diagrams based on the requirements. Established the
connection between web pages and database using Java. Worked on backend
application to store and retrieve data.
Education
University of Illinois Springfield
Master's degree, Computer Science · (2015 - 2016)
Gitam University, Hyderabad
Bachelor's degree, Information Technology · (2011 - 2015)
Page 4 of 4
