Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/rensq
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
JavaScript
MongoDB
Node.js
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Chinese (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Learn UI Design
Learning .NET Programming
Learning Python and Django
JavaScript: Test-Driven
Development (ES6)
Siqi Ren
Software Developer at United Solutions, LLC
Washington D.C. Metro Area
Summary
Full-Stack Developer | Experience with Data Scientists on Machine
Learning/Deep Learning
Skills: JavaScript, TypeScript, Java, C#, SQL, NoSQL, R, Python,
Django, HTML 5, CSS, LESS, Angular 7+, Node.js, Express.js,
MongoDB (MEAN), NgRx, jQuery, D3.js, Highcharts, Firebase,
React, Git, SVN, npm, Bootstrap, Angular Material, Clarity.Design,
TDD, Unit Test (JEST, Mocha, Chai), Integration Test (Supertest),
Agile
Tools: AWS (EC2, S3 Bucket), Postman, My SQL Server, SQL
Developer (Oracle), Robo 3T, NoSQL Booster, WinSCP, PuTTY,
Gitlab, Github, TortoiseSVN
Experience
United Solutions, LLC
2 years 2 months
Lead Software Developer
September 2018 - Present (1 year 6 months)
Rockville, Maryland
- Lead, design, and develop individual applications include Value Optimization
(Asset / Acquisition Management), Contract Review (EULA), Risk
Management (Grants), and Skin Cancer AI.
- Lead the development of Angular 7 web applications and make sure the UI/
UX is consistent across different apps and components.
- Collaborate with data scientists, discuss best practices for processing/saving/
modifying data, and help them test APIs (built with flask).
- Collaborate with UI/UX designers, also work with business analysts for use
cases from business perspectives and make improvements.
- Build backend server and RESTful APIs in Node.js that enable client-side
to communicate with Python and MongoDB, including user authentication/
management, file upload, JSON/formdata posting/fetching, and DB querying.
Page 1 of 4
- Visualize data in a variety of charts including bar/column/stacked chart (in
3D), histogram, line/spline/area chart, pie/donut chart, gauge/solid gauge
chart, polar/radar chart, map, time series, bubble chart, scatter plot, box plot,
bell curve, etc.
- Create and manage config files to adapt to different deployment environment
settings.
- Construct NoSQL/MongoDB queries based on business requirements, feed
the data to Python server and frontend.
- Build a data conversion app for pulling data from Oracle DB and SQL Server
into a specific data service.
- Deploy tested code on a regular basis on AWS, backup code & database
collections.
Software Developer
January 2018 - September 2018 (9 months)
Rockville, Maryland
· Collaborated with Product Management teams to define, design and
implement new releases as well as maintain existing releases.
· Communicated with the user experience team to ensure quality client impact
· Work in Agile and attending all the ceremonies and providing inputs
· Estimated level of effort to develop code to meet acceptance criteria and
manage task assignments.
· Participated in software estimation, planning, and risk identification process
· Led and maintained the development of application on time for accelerating
Health and Human Services' acquisition process, and enhanced the
communication between government users and vendors.
· Build RESTful APIs in Node.js and Express for communications between the
application's server-side and client-side, created and maintained more than 45
routes.
· Constructed NoSQL/MongoDB queries to improve data writing/fetching/
processing efficiency and reduce the burden of client-side.
· Integrated the routes to the database on Blockchain (DLT) with server-side,
and test the routes using Postman (HTTP requests).
· Developed application's front end using Angular framework with TypeScript,
HTML, jQuery, and Less, created and maintained 10 modules and more than
50 components including market research, price analysis, vendor profile/
catalogs, and other modules.
· Worked with the data scientists and database administrators to help them
understand the application functions and data structures, to better integrate the
Page 2 of 4
application with real data. Adjusted algorithms in the application to adapt data
structure changes.
· Lead team of 4 full-stack developers, estimate user story points for each
Sprint with BA and UI/UX designers, allocated user stories to each developer,
managed Kanban board, and reported status to Product Manager on a regular
basis.
· Performed bi-weekly application deployment and database update/backup.
Paradyme Management Inc.
Corporate Technical Intern - Web Development
September 2017 - December 2017 (4 months)
Greenbelt, MD
· Develop a database application using Django (Python) that contains 8 data
models, advanced search and filter functions.
· Improve data input productivity by providing auto-fill and CRUD functionalities
over the file system.
· Design a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system that keeps
track of user’s meeting activity.
· Enhance information processing by providing a summarized/personalized
view of information, and filter functionalities.
· Gather user requirements and document user stories for user’s approval,
evaluate project scope and develop project plan.
· Develop CRM using Django (Python), including build data models, create
forms and views, and provide filter functions.
Leibei Educational Consulting Ltd
Consultant
May 2016 - April 2017 (1 year)
Nanjing, Jiangsu, China
· Managed five-person team to perform eight-month services per customer on
U.S. mater degree application; conducted 30 hours professional consulting on
personal background digging and application guidance.
· Analyzed suitable schools and programs based on previous years’ data;
proposed targeting schools tailored to customer, narrowed down application
range and increased success rate by 40%.
· Organized application materials to fulfill admission’s requirements; formulated
application stage plan, reducing application duration by one week.
Compass Group USA
Student Worker
January 2015 - May 2015 (5 months)
Page 3 of 4
Springfield, MO
· Performed regular inspections of work areas and food deliveries; sorted and
arranged beverage and snack items on a regular basis. Cleaned tables floors
and other parts of dining area.
· Answered staff and student inquiries promptly and courteously; provided
assistance to dining center and other school staff as needed.
Anhui Huirui Certified Public Accountants
Audit Intern
May 2014 - July 2014 (3 months)
Wuhu, Anhui, China
· Undertook quick ratio and current ratio to analyze customers’ abilities to
repay short-term debt; prepared reports and worksheets for manager’s
overview.
· Analyzed over two months’ journal entries; prepared income statements and
balance sheet for five tax bureau agencies’ review and approval.
Education
University of Maryland College Park
Master’s Degree, Information Systems · (2016 - 2017)
Missouri State University
Bachelor’s Degree, Accounting, Computer Information System · (2014 - 2016)
Liaoning Normal University
Bachelor’s Degree, International Business · (2012 - 2016)
Page 4 of 4
