Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/stacy-lafume
(LinkedIn)
www.stacylafume.com (Portfolio)
github.com/StacyLafume (Other)
twitter.com/stacylafume1 (Other)
Top Skills
Photography
HTML&CSS
JavaScript
Stacy Lafume
Full-stack Software Engineer
Boston, Massachusetts
Summary
I am a relentless learner, who believes in understanding all facets
of the products I am building. I’m a dedicated and empathetic team
player who leads with emotional intelligence. I am now looking to
bring my software engineering and graphic design experience to a
creative team.
Experience
Wayfair
Software Engineer
September 2019 - February 2020 (6 months)
Way Space is a full-stack social media site for Wayfair customers. Way
Space allows users to send friend requests, and allows them to see
what their friends favorited, as well as their purchased items. Users
are also able to delete friend requests and see pending friend
requests. The tech stack for this application is React JS components,
and for the back end, data was fetched with Apollo Client and GraphQL
with a SQL database. For this feature, I also had to build the tests in
PHP testing for backend and jest testing for front end.
Dimension Update Tool is a tool for warehouse employees to view and
update the dimension of stocked items. Employees can search a SKU
via AJAX request and load the item and switch dimension from imperial
to metric. When employees save the updated information on the
product, it updates the SQL databases.
Resilient Coders
Software Engineer
May 2019 - August 2019 (4 months)
-Collaborate with a team of developers to build modern web
applications using best practices
-Utilize front-end and back-end technologies to create fullstack
web applications
Page 1 of 3
-Review, refactor, and revisited projects.
-Worked with client to build a user friendly web page with
carefully crafted code.
Whole Foods Market
Cashier
September 2018 - May 2019 (9 months)
Boston, Massachusetts
- Checks out customer's groceries efficiently
- Assists supervisor in controlling customer flow and backed up
lines
-Cleans and stocks Front End areas, including own register
-Helping reduce customer waiting time.
Somerset Club
Waitress
November 2017 - May 2019 (1 year 7 months)
Boston, Massachusetts
-Prepare tables by setting up linens, silverware and glasses
-Arrange table settings and maintain a tidy dining area
-Clearing dirty dishes, glasses, and tables after meals
-Providing excellent wait service to ensure satisfaction
Foundation for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF)
Photographer
June 2016 - August 2016 (3 months)
Boston, Massachusetts
Boys & Girls Club
Art Teacher
June 2015 - August 2015 (3 months)
Boston, Massachusetts
Facilitated art classes
Organized and painted a mural.
Ensured space was clean and ready to use again
Education
Bunker Hill CC
Associate's degree, Graphic Design · (2017 - 2019)
Page 2 of 3
Page 3 of 3
