Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ankitagupta2
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Web Development
JavaScript
jQuery
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Bengali (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Sun Certification Exam for SCJP
Ankita Gupta
Software Engineer at Indus Valley Partners
Greater New York City Area
Summary
Experienced Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of
working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled
in Tortoise SVN, C#, Visual Studio, SSRS, SSIS, SQL, Java, .Net
Framework, JavaScript and Php. Strong engineering professional
with a Master's degree focused in Computer Engineering - Software
Architecture, Programming and Development from Syracuse
University.
Experience
Indus Valley Partners
3 years 8 months
Software Engineer
February 2019 - Present (1 year 1 month)
Greater Salt Lake City Area
1. Engaged with business and technical stakeholders at global hedge funds to
design and maintain SQLServer based Data Warehouse, facilitated creation
of rich end user reports using technologies like Tableau, SSRS, SSIS, Crystal
Reports
2. Collaborated with subject matter experts and internal stakeholders
at various project phases to develop desktop and web-based business
applications using .NET Framework, HTML5, JavaScript Frameworks like
JQuery and Angular JS
3. Analyzed different business requirements from clients and identified
opportunities to enhance the data flow during the implementation of the
technical solution
4. Collaborated with the clients technology teams for solution deployment,
post execution deployment for product enhancements/specific changes and
support
5. Created and standardized weekly Hedge funds portfolio performance
reports using automated and interactive Tableau and SSRS reports
6. Training new hires on ramping up to speed
Associate Software Engineer
Page 1 of 3
July 2016 - February 2019 (2 years 8 months)
Greater Salt Lake City Area
1. Engaged with business and technical stakeholders at global hedge funds to
design and maintain SQLServer based Data Warehouse, facilitated creation
of rich end user reports using technologies like Tableau, SSRS, SSIS, Crystal
Reports
2. Collaborated with subject matter experts and internal stakeholders
at various project phases to develop desktop and web-based business
applications using .NET Framework, HTML5, JavaScript Frameworks like
JQuery and Angular JS
3. Training new hires on ramping up to speed
Wayfair
Software Engineer
February 2016 - June 2016 (5 months)
Greater Boston Area
1. Spearheaded the development and integration of a Customer Experience
Section to help online customers view pricing trends, purchase history and
favorites using MVC with Mustache data for adapting model to the view, PHP,
Backbone JS, Mustache Templates, SASS for page styling, Redis and SQL
Server, thereby augmenting the customer experience
2. Developed a self-service application for business users that retrieves
and operates upon data from various MS SQL tables, to create a standard
reporting metrics for the business users
Analog Devices
Software Engineer Internship
August 2014 - December 2014 (5 months)
Greensboro/Winston-Salem, North Carolina Area
1. Developed platform to simulate Analog to Digital ADC and Digital to Analog
DAC Converters using HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, C# over ASP.NET
MVC5
2. Collaborated with cross-functional teams in an agile environment to test and
debug the web tool before launch
3. Automated formation of XML files for ADC models to increase efficiency and
cut down time using Python script
4. Automated the log file analysis to handle system failure using C#
Education
Page 2 of 3
Syracuse University
Master's degree, Computer Engineering - Software Architecture,
Programming and Development · (2013 - 2015)
University of Mumbai
Bachelor of Engineering (BEng), Electrical and Electronics
Engineering · (2008 - 2012)
Page 3 of 3
