Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/tiffanydenkler
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
JavaScript
Java
Angular
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Honors-Awards
Honor Graduate Accolade
Star Performer Team Award
Outstanding Professionalism Award
(x2)
Employee of the Quarter Award
Special Recognition Award
Tiffany Sweeney
Software Developer ‫٭‬ Code Enthusiast ‫٭‬ Technology Addict
Phoenix, Arizona Area
Summary
My early job title of being the resident "family technology doctor"
led me to become interested in Software Development. Once I
discovered programming, I couldn't get enough. I started making
websites for my friends and family, got one of my first jobs at Geek
Squad --- began coding and the rest is history!
I am a Performance driven Full Stack Software Developer currently
focused on Web (Angular/React, Javascript, HTML, CSS) and
Java /Spring / Groovy. In addition, I have a passion for mobile
development and dabble in Xamarin Cross Platform. With my
exemplary communication skills and achievement focused mindset, I
bring a fresh perspective to the software development environment.
My detail oriented focus gained from my experience with the United
States Air Force works hand in hand with my proven problem-solving
expertise.
I am always searching for new avenues to cultivate my software
development skillset. If you are curious about my skillset, please
read more or contact me.
---------------------------------------
Experience and Skills
o Focus FE: Web Technologies & Languages: Javascript, Angular,
React, HTML, CSS(LESS & Sass)
o Focus BE: Java /Spring / Groovy
o Mobile Development: Xamarin Cross-Platform
o Understanding of: .Net, ASP.NET, Python, APIs(RESTful), Material
Design principles
o Database: SQL, MongoDB, SQL server, Postgres
o Testing: Unit testing, Automation Testing, Jasmine, Karma
o Tools: Node, Express.js, Jenkins, Algolia, IIS, Azure, Gulp/
Webpack, Jinja2, Sanic, Mustache/Handlebars Ng-CLI, rxJS
o Agile Development Practices - interim Scrum Master
Page 1 of 5
o Source Control Software (TFS & Git)
o Confident, articulate, and professional communication skills.
o Team dynamics & Self-motivated
Experience
Salt River Project
Programmer / Analyst
July 2019 - Present (9 months)
Phoenix, Arizona Area
+ Full stack developer focused on C#/.NET and Angular/Javascript
applications
Glynlyon Inc.
Software Engineer
December 2017 - July 2019 (1 year 8 months)
Chandler, Arizona
+ Focused on Angular/Typescript, Javascript, Java, Groovy and Spring
+ Developed shareable modules for use within company such as custom
audio/video players(Angular/Javascript), search tools for content and
standards (Angular frontend / Java / Solr), dynamic content viewer, and
reporting tools
+ Developed micro services for integration with RESTful endpoints such as
search, assessment, standards, and reporting.
+ Utilizing: VSCode, IntelliJ, Docker, Jenkins, Jira, BitBucket, Postgres, Redis
Intersys Consulting, Inc.
Software Developer - Application Services Consultant
May 2017 - December 2017 (8 months)
Phoenix, Arizona Area
+ Define, design, develop, test, and deploy applications based on
requirements gathered from working closely with clients to establish problem
specifications and needs to form system designs.
+ Continuously learn and apply knowledge in a variety of languages/
frameworks while quickly spinning up on new tech stacks as necessary to
meet client’s needs.
+ Easily adapt to existing projects focusing on team-driven best practices and
code compatibility.
Page 2 of 5
+ Technology writer on Intersys Blog writing on emerging technologies, best
practices, and coding concepts.
--------Projects / Clients--------
+ HomeAway - Developed internal application focused on data organization,
tracking data objects, tracing downstream/upstream datasets through data
lineage with React.js. Tools: React, Algolia, Javascript, HTML, Docker,
Jenkins, CSS, Git, Jira, CI/CD concepts
+ HomeAway - Collaborated with data scientists to refactor and redesign
internal web application focused on analyzing search data by comparing
search results on external website utilizing A/B testing. Tools: Python3, Sanic,
Jinja2 templating, Pandas, Bootstrap
+ Internal Directory Mobile/Web App - Contributed coding to responsive
mobile-first app built to manage consultancy practice information. Designed
custom components, services, and enhanced UI elements. Debugged and
supported. Tools: Angular 4, C# WebAPI, IIS, NPM, Microsoft Graph, AWS,
BitBucket
Salt River Project
Software Development Graduate Intern
May 2016 - May 2017 (1 year 1 month)
Tempe, Arizona
Full Time & Part Time
+ Develops enterprise based applications utilizing .NET technologies for
internal based clients and stakeholders.
+ Design and development of high-profile & customer facing mobile
application built with Xamarin (Android & iOS). Involved in all stages from
design process through App Store deployment and maintenance.
+ Creates and implement unit, automation, and user interface testing for web
and mobile applications while coordinating with Quality Assurance team to
meet testing standards.
+ Scrum Master focusing on Agile programming principles. Communicates
with business analysts and project managers identifying and organizing project
tasks to ensure team meets deadlines and achieve project milestones.
United States Air Force
Page 3 of 5
Assistant Directorate Operations Superintendent
April 2012 - April 2016 (4 years 1 month)
Greater Salt Lake City Area
+ Assisted in managing daily operations and delegating tasks to offices and
personnel to meet deadlines. Coordinated with nine departments to ensure all
tasks executed are of best quality.
+ Facilitated troubleshooting internal IT related issues and SharePoint
Administrator for 349 employees.
WEAPONS DIRECTOR (Sep 2014 - Apr 2016)
+ Directed the conduct of air operations and systems management with fifteen
government agencies while employing risk management.
+ Analyzed combat identification, weapons control, surveillance, tactical data
link management, communications, and computer system management.
SCHEDULING COORDINATOR (NOV 2012 - MAR 2015)
+ Organized and de-conflicted schedules for over 150 employees as lead
mission scheduler.
+ Guided and supervised in leader’s absence of five employees while
proactively mentoring and instructing. Trained over 10 members in 62 different
processes to maintain program continuity.
+ Restructured scheduling Quality Control processes as Project Lead; created
10 effective processes.
SURVEILLANCE TECHNICIAN (Apr 2012 - Aug 2014)
+ Managed and operated Command and Control Battle Management Systems
by coordinating radar control and monitoring of aircraft and air weapons in over
75 offensive and defensive operations.
Geek Squad
Database Administrator
June 2009 - March 2012 (2 years 10 months)
Elizabethtown / Louisville KY
+ Developed and maintained various databases with the implementation of
Visual Basic/SQL and Access.
+ Designed databases that tracked & updated training needs for over 800
employees; Project Lead.
+ Created various reports (charts, statistics, processes) using Excel and
Access while analyzing data for trends and areas of improvement; increasing
production by 25%.
Page 4 of 5
TEAM ASSISTANT (Oct 2009 - Dec 2010)
+ Created and maintained seven reports on team progress while assisting
supervisor with team, delivering parts, and contacting customers for
estimates.
+ Researched over 90 units on line daily to support turn time and team
management while identifying and solving unit and part issues.
COUNTER INTELLIGENCE AGENT (June 2009 - October 2009)
+ Diagnosed, repaired, and advised clients on computer issues while
educating and engaging them on computer components, software, and
specifications.
+ Facilitated company sales, productivity, and improving client relations with
company.
Education
Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering at Arizona State University
Master of Science (M.S.), Information Technology, Focus - Security & Software
Engineering · (2016 - 2018)
Western Kentucky University
Bachelors of Science (B.S), Computer Information Technology, Focus -
Computer Programming · (2013 - 2016)
Elizabethtown Community and Technical College
Associate of Applied Science, Computer Information Technology
(Programming) · (2008 - 2011)
Page 5 of 5
