Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/monicawei8
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Java
React.js
C#
Languages
Chinese
French
English
Honors-Awards
Academic Merit Scholarship
Best use of the Yelp API Award
Microsoft Scholarship Award
Google Grace Hopper Travel Grant
Microsoft Scholarship Award
Monica Wei
Software Engineer 2 at Microsoft
Seattle, Washington
Summary
I am currently a Software Engineer 2 at Microsoft on the OneDrive
& SharePoint Collaboration Team. While at Microsoft, I've worked
on developing key sharing features and modern UI for customers.
I graduated in May 2017 from Virginia Tech with a Bachelor's of
Science (in Honors) of Computer Science, with a minor in Industrial
Design. I have a passion for solving challenging problems and
improving user experience!
Experience
Microsoft
Software Engineer 2
August 2017 - Present (2 years 7 months)
Redmond, Washington
OneDrive and SharePoint Collaboration Team
- Utilized React, Javascript, and C# to develop several key sharing and
collaboration features across OneDrive for Business and SharePoint.
- Developed the modern Manage Access panel to allow users to manage all
permissions on their individual files/folders. Worked closely with Design and
PM to create a new user experience that allows customers to remove sharing
links, change permissions, expiration dates, passwords, and remove or add
people to the item.
- Developed the UI for the Site Sharing Reports feature, which allows
SharePoint admins to generate reports of all the sharing that occurred on their
sites. This was a key customer ask at Ignite 2019
- Worked to help maintain a high standard for accessibility on the Sharing
Dialog and Manage Access, across several different platforms and apps.
- Utilized C# and Javascript to develop a key feature for Shell, to block sharing
to users on their OneDrive. Worked successfully with the SharePoint Auth
team to deliver both parts of the feature to Shell's requirements.
- Mentored our team’s Explore Interns every summer, providing help and
guidance on their projects and career.
Page 1 of 4
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University
10 months
Undergraduate Teaching Assistant
January 2017 - May 2017 (5 months)
As a UTA for CS 3114, Data Structures and Algorithms. I held regular office
hours every week to help students with their projects and homework using
Java. Some of the projects include a file parser, binary search tree, hash table,
graph algorithm, and a Geographic Information System (GIS).
Undergraduate Researcher Assistant in Human Computer Interaction
August 2016 - December 2016 (5 months)
Blacksburg, VA
Multi-User Display Interfaces
- Working on data interaction with the Microsoft Perceptive Pixel
- Investigating how to create useful interactive multi-touch displays that can
analyze the data on a second monitor.
- Utilizing C# with the Universal Windows Platform to parse csv files and
display the data on interactive cards.
Microsoft
Software Engineering Intern
May 2016 - August 2016 (4 months)
Redmond, Washington
OneDrive/Sharepoint eXperiences and Platform Team
- Worked on creating a user interface that allows administrators on SharePoint
Online to view all anonymous sharing links that have been created on their
site.
- Utilized C# to retrieve detailed information about all sharing links created
(such as their expiration dates, creators, types, relative paths).
- Utilized ASP.NET to create paging for more sharing links, and to display the
links' information in a user-friendly way.
Microsoft
Explorer Intern
May 2015 - August 2015 (4 months)
Redmond, WA
Office Engineering
- Created more efficient and concise failure investigation tool, with the primary
feature of finding duplicate bugs.
Page 2 of 4
- Utilized Javascript, JQuery, and HTML to create webpage displaying key
information about failures (Scenario, Bucket, Bug, Logs) (SDE Phase)
- Applied SQL and C# to create a WebService that aided in searching for
related failures by their message. (SDE Phase)
- Actively met with customers to gain feedback on their failure investigation
process, and how we could make that more efficient for them. (PM Phase)
Virginia Tech
Undergraduate Researcher for LibFx
January 2015 - May 2015 (5 months)
Blacksburg, VA
On this research project, I worked with Python libraries, Javscript, and JQuery
to help create various displays for Virginia Tech's University Library research
data.
Modea
Digital Content Developer
September 2014 - December 2014 (4 months)
Blacksburg, VA
As a Digital Developer for Modea, I regularly utilized XML code, Photoshop,
and various mobile platforms to create digital solutions for clients such
as Verizon Wireless. My main task was to help construct emulators and
simulators for new mobile phones, in an effort to improve user experience and
accessibility.
Axone SA
Software Development Intern
July 2014 - September 2014 (3 months)
As an intern in Geneva, Switzerland, I helped this IT Company improve upon
the user interface of the "Lexical Research Tool" for the city of Paris, using
PHP and SQL. This tool was being produced to help the Paris government
manage potential domain names and search for valuable domains to control.
I also largely used HTML and CSS to design an entire new user interface and
website that non-programmers can use to navigate through large amounts of
data. With SQL, I created different search options, word clouds, and numerous
data displays for expansion of this tool.
Education
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University
Page 3 of 4
Bachelor’s Degree, Computer Science, Minor in Industrial
Design · (2013 - 2017)
The University of Edinburgh
Bachelor of Science (BS), Informatics · (2015 - 2016)
Briar Woods High School
Advanced Studies Diploma · (2011 - 2013)
Page 4 of 4
