Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vanesaortiz
(LinkedIn)
www.vanesaortiz.com (Personal)
github.com/vanesa (Other)
Top Skills
Go
Web Development
Python
Languages
German (Native or Bilingual)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Spanish (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Hackbright Academy
Honors-Awards
Uber Prize Scalability & Global
Impact Award
HACK OF THE MONTH - Kid-O
Google.org Impact Challenge
Vanesa O.
Software Engineer at Sourcegraph
San Francisco, California
Summary
Full-stack Software Engineer -
I work on tools that help developers code better. Favorite Stack:
Go (golang), Python, Typescript and React. Women Who Go San
Francisco Organizer.
Experience
Sourcegraph
Software Engineer
October 2017 - Present (2 years 5 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Working with Go, TypeScript/React and GraphQL and bringing great code
search and code intelligence to every coder.
So far I have:
- Introduced the light theme in the Sourcegraph web app as well as other nifty
features that make using Sourcegraph a pleasant experience.
- Introduced the directory view to get a more detailed and accessible overview
of folder contents in the web app. Now you can instantly see information like
author, commit hash, last commit and commit message of all the files in a
folder.
- Added search scopes to the web app, making it possible to save frequently
used regex in search filters available under the search bar.
- Introduced dynamic filters which auto-generate based on the search results
and help you refine them leading to a faster and more efficient search
experience.
- Worked on the Sourcegraph Extensions API, built the Datadog and Sentry
extensions and helped build the GitHub Extras extension.
Codemotion Berlin
Tech Talk at Codemotion 2016 - "Why we need women focused
communities in tech"
October 2016 - October 2016 (1 month)
Berlin Area, Germany
Why we need women focused communities in tech
Page 1 of 5
http://berlin2016.codemotionworld.com/speaker/2650/
Video recording: https://youtu.be/wQbh2aneWUA
When I started Women Who Go Berlin, I didn't think I would encounter any
kind of opposition for creating a learning space for women to learn Golang. I
was wrong. I was soon accused of being sexist, separatist and breaking the
Berlin Code of Conduct. This, of course, was a slap in the face, as my goal
was and is to increase diversity in the tech community, not to create a gap.
In my presentation, I will explain why I stand by WWGBerlin's mission, why
we urgently need women focused groups in the tech community and why we
shouldn't focus on finger pointing, but work together.
LOVOO
Software Engineer
May 2016 - October 2016 (6 months)
Berlin und Umgebung, Deutschland
I worked at the IT Operations Team as a Backend Engineer/SRE (Site
Reliability Engineer), mostly writing software to help monitor LOVOO's
Infrastructure.
Most of my work consisted of:
- Building internal monitoring & alerting services
- Working with Prometheus, e.g. building exporters including the official open-
source Jenkins exporter for the Prometheus project
- Working with Jenkins building API consumers
- Worked on internal tools to improve developer's code quality
code.talks
Tech talk code.talks 2016 - "Social Impact Apps – How apps can help
where it's really needed"
September 2016 - September 2016 (1 month)
Hamburg Area, Germany
Social Impact Apps – How apps can help where it's really needed
We live in times where we can solve numerous business and entertainment
challenges with useful apps. These apps have fundamentally changed our way
of living and have made everyday processes more transparent and efficient.
But what about the social challenges this world faces? Nearly half of the
world’s population lives in poverty. Shouldn’t we be using more of our energy
Page 2 of 5
and problem solving skills to solve these challenges? We are so focused on
working on our personal achievements that we tend to forget, that we are the
lucky ones: The ones that live in the safe part of the world, where there is
abundance of water, food, access to health and education, social security and
no war.
We already know of the transforming power of technologies and we are
blessed with the ability to build these kinds of tools. Now it’s up to us to
channel some of our energy into building apps that can truly make a difference
where it’s needed most. This presentation will show how simple, easy to build
apps can make a huge impact in the lives of people who are in need and make
this world a better place.
Independent
Software Engineer
September 2015 - January 2016 (5 months)
Stack: Python, Flask, Django, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, SQL, SQLite,
SQLAlchemy (ORM), PostgreSQL (ORDBMS), Jinja, HTML5, CSS3,
Bootstrap, XML, Git
Hackbright Academy
Software Engineering Fellow
June 2015 - September 2015 (4 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Completed an intensive, 12-week software engineering fellowship to
gain proficiency in Python, SQL, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS, Git
version control, pair programming, data structures, algorithms, and Agile
methodologies. Four weeks dedicated to coding a personal project (see
Projects: Kid-O).
Vanesa Ortiz
Web Developer
August 1998 - April 2015 (16 years 9 months)
Cologne, Germany
Built and designed dozens of websites for small business owners.
The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE)
Overseas Researcher
December 2011 - June 2012 (7 months)
Argentina and Chile
Page 3 of 5
Overseas Researcher for the London School of Economics and Political
Science. Assistant in the European Research Council funded research
project conducted in Argentina and Chile: “Global Governance and Gender
Disparities. Explaining Developments in Key Labor related Human Rights
Indicators”
University of Cologne
IT-Management
October 2009 - October 2010 (1 year 1 month)
Cologne, Germany
Web developer at the IT-Management of the arts and letters faculty. Built and
maintained homepages in Typo3 CMS.
Institute of the Americas
Intern
January 2009 - February 2009 (2 months)
San Diego, California
Internship at the think tank IOA of the University of California San Diego
(UCSD)
Habitat for Humanity Deutschland
Web Developer
May 2007 - June 2007 (2 months)
Germany
Programmed the donation-forms for the webpage of Habitat for Humanity
Deutschland (Germany).
Education
Hackbright Academy
Computer Software Engineering · (2015 - 2015)
Universität zu Köln
Diplom - Masters, Latin American Studies
Université du Québec à Montréal
UQAM French Certificate, Intensive French Summer Course
San Diego State University-California State University
Graduate semester abroad, Latin American Studies
Page 4 of 5
Page 5 of 5
