Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/jaimeschubert
(LinkedIn)
www.JaimeSchubert.com
(Personal)
Top Skills
Ruby on Rails
Ruby
RubyMotion
Jaime Schubert
Senior Software Engineer at Albert.io
Chicago, Illinois
Summary
I have over 5 years experience in software engineering with a
background in Computer Graphics. As a passionate problem-solver,
my love of puzzles, programming, and design is fulfilled through
learning JavaScript, Python, and other web technologies. I provide a
high attention to detail, and an efficient workflow, while also keeping
collaborations open and dynamic.
I have a strong desire and dedication to continually advance my
skills. I'm seeking a passionate learning environment where I can
not only deepen my existing skills, but develop new ones while
immediately adding value to future projects.
My interests and specialties include: JavaScript, Python, Ruby, front
end and back end development, machine learning.
Reach out if you want to talk more about all things code!
Experience
Albert.io
3 years 10 months
Senior Software Engineer
July 2019 - Present (9 months)
Chicago, IL
Software Engineer
June 2016 - Present (3 years 10 months)
Chicago, IL
I work as a software engineer focusing on front end development. On a
daily basis, collaborate closely on feature implementations with a small team
including the CTO, back end, product manager, and designer.
Contribute ideas and knowledge of front end architecture in weekly design
meetings encompassing both UX and UI, including discussing possible
Page 1 of 4
implementations to avoid potential pitfalls. As well as, contribute to PR reviews
on an ongoing basis.
Given full autonomy over the architecture and implementation of features
assigned to me, including school administration dashboard and managing
tools, refactoring question editor, marketplace checkout with Stripe payments,
and classroom creation with integrating Google Classroom. Also lead the
implementation and maintenance of data visualization with the D3 library.
Shiftgig
Front End Developer
January 2015 - June 2016 (1 year 6 months)
Chicago, IL
Worked as a frontend engineer on a small team, allowing me to take the lead
on a variety of projects using Backbone.js. Continually worked on improving
the platform for both consumers and internal employees. Actively tested and
managed my own code deployments to production.
Punchkick Interactive Inc.
JavaScript Developer
July 2014 - November 2014 (5 months)
Punchkick Interactive is a full-service mobile marketing agency that transforms
clients into leaders of the mobile space. Punchkick works with some of the
world's most recognized brands to marry innovative thinking with enterprise-
tested processes and technology. From concept to execution, Punchkick
works closely with its clients to craft mobile strategies that provide tangible
ROI.
• Learned new technologies, such as Backbone.js, to complete front-end
development.
• Collaborated on an agile team, with some pair programming, to complete
project.
• Worked in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Backbone.js, jQuery, Underscore.js.
Dev Bootcamp
Web Development Student
December 2013 - May 2014 (6 months)
Chicago, IL
Completed 9-week intensive web development program, with a 12-week prep
phase. Dedicated over 80 hours per week learning and implementing Ruby on
Page 2 of 4
Rails, RubyMotion, HTML5, CSS, Sass, Test Driven Development, Javascript
(AJAX, jQuery, CoffeeScript), Git and Source Control, Heroku, and Agile
Development.
• Collaborated on at least 4 major and 5 minor group projects, varying in
responsibilities for both front-end and back-end.
• Pair programmed on over 100 challenges, including stretch challenges.
Digital Skylight
VFX/Graphic Artist
January 2010 - March 2014 (4 years 3 months)
Chicago, IL
Managed over 25 visual effects projects and 3 web developments and
redesigns. Gained experience quickly learning new technologies and
techniques to meet the needs of various projects.
• Led VFX compositing and CG integration on music video for both EDM artist
Steve Aoki and I Fight Dragons, for a combined effort on over 6,000 frames
within a two-week and 3 month time period, respectively.
• Nominated for Best Visual Effects at DePaul’s Film Festival for VFX work
done on music video for I Fight Dragons.
• Managed rebranding of the company’s website, logo, and business cards.
Optimus
Intern
January 2013 - June 2013 (6 months)
Chicago, IL
Gained hands-on film production experience and deep technical exposure
while serving in a highly selective internship where only 15% of applicants are
given the opportunity.
• Assisted pre-production tasks for a global restaurants project that aired on
national TV
Protokulture
Motion Design Apprentice
January 2012 - March 2012 (3 months)
Chicago, IL
Page 3 of 4
Apprentice responsibilities included managing and organizing props for
production, compositing, rotoscoping, animation, and working with legacy
projects.
• Collaborated on VFX for major commercials including YouTube AdBlitz,
StateFarm, and Always
Education
DePaul University
B.S., Computer Graphics and Motion Technology · (2007 - 2011)
Dev Bootcamp
Web Development · (2013 - 2014)
Academy of Art University
M.F.A., Animation and Visual Effects · (2011 - 2013)
Page 4 of 4
