Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/jennylian
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Java
C++
C
Languages
French (Beginner)
Honors-Awards
LinuxCon Diversity Scholarship
NSERC IUSRA
DockerCon Diversity Scholarship
UBC President's Entrance
Scholarship
RIM Philanthropy Award
Jenny Lian
Software Developer at Microsoft
Seattle, Washington
Summary
I want to get to know you. Throughout my life, I have always been
passionate in meeting people and working with others. Working in a
team is very exciting - I love the diversity and fresh new ideas that I
am exposed to.
I am aspiring to be a great software developer. I have worked as a
software developer intern throughout my university degree. During
this time, I have worked on amazing front-end web application
technologies with Visier, React SPA with Arista, scalable backend
and full stack applications with AWS, and low-level Linux drivers for
Ericsson’s Smart Services Router. Outside of my work, I am also
very active in the local hacking community. You can often find me
attending local hackathons, making software to help an idea come to
life.
I've also studied Economics student at UBC, where I developed
the skills to analyze problems critically, solve complex mathematic
equations and modeling economic theories with statistics. These
skills helped me land an internship with BlackBerry at a product
management role, and introduced me to a lot of exciting concepts in
the mobile/telecom industry.
My colleagues and classmates know me as a personable leader
and a diligent team member. I am responsible and always there
for my team. In a leadership role, I like to listen to everyone’s input
and understand the objective and business problem deeply. I can
delegate tasks according to my team member’s strength and areas
of interest to complete a project at a high standard. As a team
member, I am collaborative and often like to share my opinion with
team members. I often put in extra time and effort to meet deadlines
and help out as much as I can.
Page 1 of 5
I am currently looking to add more connections to my LinkedIn
network. If you want to get to know me as well, please send me a
LinkedIn request.
Experience
Microsoft
Software Developer
April 2019 - Present (11 months)
Redmond, WA, United States
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Software Development Engineer
May 2017 - November 2019 (2 years 7 months)
Greater Seattle Area
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a subsidiary of Amazon.com that provides
on-demand cloud computing platforms to individuals, companies and
governments, on a paid subscription basis. The technology allows subscribers
to have at their disposal a full-fledged virtual cluster of computers, available
all the time, through the Internet. AWS's version of virtual computers have
most of the attributes of a real computer including hardware (CPU(s) & GPU(s)
for processing, local/RAM memory, hard-disk/SSD storage); a choice of
operating systems; networking; and pre-loaded application software such
as web servers, databases, CRM, etc. Each AWS system also virtualizes its
console I/O (keyboard, display, and mouse), allowing AWS subscribers to
connect to their AWS system using a modern browser. The browser acts as
a window into the virtual computer, letting subscribers log-in, configure and
use their virtual systems just as they would a real physical computer. They can
choose to deploy their AWS systems to provide internet-based services for
their own and their customers' benefit.
The University of British Columbia
Teaching Assistant
September 2013 - May 2017 (3 years 9 months)
Computer Science
CPSC 213 - Introduction to Computer Systems
CPSC 101 - Connecting with Computer Science
Page 2 of 5
Teamwork: created course content, course e-learning tools by implementing a
Just-in-Time Teaching (JiTT) methodology with a team of 8 instructors
Taught lab material on a weekly basis; help students to master important
computing concepts and knowledge regarding data structures
Streamlined assignment evaluation process, created new user interface and
improved transparency of grading procedures
Arista Networks
Web Developer Intern
September 2016 - December 2016 (4 months)
- Developing and documenting features for single-page web applications using
React, Redux, D3, ES6/Babel, LESS, Webpack
- Contributing to the success of software development by introducing support
features in the areas of code coverage, source map management and
debugging, auto-generating CSS prefixes etc.
Amazon Web Services
Software Engineering Intern
May 2016 - August 2016 (4 months)
Greater Seattle Area
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) is a web service that provides
resizable compute capacity in the cloud. It is designed to make web-scale
cloud computing easier for developers.
Amazon EC2’s simple web service interface allows you to obtain and configure
capacity with minimal friction. It provides you with complete control of your
computing resources and lets you run on Amazon’s proven computing
environment. Amazon EC2 reduces the time required to obtain and boot new
server instances to minutes, allowing you to quickly scale capacity, both up
and down, as your computing requirements change. Amazon EC2 changes
the economics of computing by allowing you to pay only for capacity that
you actually use. Amazon EC2 provides developers the tools to build failure
resilient applications and isolate themselves from common failure scenarios.
Ericsson
Software Developer Co-op
January 2015 - August 2015 (8 months)
Burnaby
Page 3 of 5
• NSERC IUSRA award recipient: Safeguarding FPGA Images and In-System
Non-Volatile Memory Module Firmware Upgrades on Line Interface Cards
• Using Git, gmake and other GNU tools to build OS images for Smart Service
Routers to meet customer’s technical specifications regarding system security
• Maintained software compatibilities with new firmware and hardware
upgrades by modifying FPGA’s and manifest files in various Linux OS images
• Developed Tinder-like social media application for Ericsson mentor matching
process as a part of Ericsson's internal 24 hour hackathon
• Program Manager for Ericsson Internship Project - Brand Awareness
Campus Branding App, recognized and awarded by Ericsson senior
executives amongst more than 300 interns
UBC Sauder School of Business
Program/Project Assistant
2012 - 2013 (1 year)
University of British Columbia
- Ensured high standard of customer service by being the first line of contact,
representing our organization to clients, Master of Management candidates
and industry partners
- Exhibited resilience and determination by taking on additional difficult and
complex responsibilities
- Collaborated in a professional manner with external stakeholders from
Information Technology and Marketing to manage the COE’s online presence
- Demonstrated outstanding management and communication skills through
areas of event organization, vising off-site clients for business deliverables
BlackBerry
Handheld Management and Tracking Associate
2011 - 2012 (1 year)
Ottawa, Canada Area
- Achieved HMT pre-production device deployments deliverables in a timely
manner by using different functions of SAP Enterprise Resource Planning to
support internal teams
- Demonstrated good customer service and problem solving skills by analyzing
ambiguous situations and using various software tools to troubleshoot
technical difficulties
- Oversaw product management of BlackBerry handheld assets, segmenting
consumer markets based on demographics and product functionality
Page 4 of 5
- Able to multi-task and prioritize task efficiently to meet end users’
expectations by completing multiple shipments, product deployments, software
customization to meet carrier deadlines
Education
The University of British Columbia
Bachelor's Degree, Economics
The University of British Columbia
Bachelor’s Degree, Computer Science
Page 5 of 5
