Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
khushbuparekh (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
SQL
Java
JavaScript
Certifications
Information Storage Management
khushbu parekh
Software Developer at Globalization Partners
Boston, Massachusetts
Summary
Graduated with Masters of Science in Information Systems from
Northeastern University, as a part of my course work I underwent a
Co-op for 6 months At Micro Systems Engineering as a C# Software
Developer, prior to which worked at Accenture for 2 years and
2 months as a .net Developer right after completing my Under-
graduation from NMIMS University in Information Technology.
After honing my development skills now I am currently focusing on
building Big Data projects using some of the Map Reduce design
patterns available and I am also diligently looking for full-time
opportunities in Big Data Engineering or Software Development
starting August 2017
Following are my Skill Sets:
Languages: Java, Python, VB.Net, C#
Web Technologies: J2EE, JSP, AngularJS, Jinga2, Node.js,
JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS
Tools and IDE: Eclipse, Anaconda, STS, MySQL
Workbench, TFS, PTC, Git, Visual Studio, NetBeans, Visio, StarUML
Database: MySQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Redis,
MongoDB, PostgreSQL
Big Data Technologies: Hadoop, MapReduce, Pig, Hive, HBase,
Mahout
ML and DL Algorithms: Linear Regression, Logistic Regression,
Random Forest, SVM, KNN, RNN, CNN, K-means, LSTM
Frameworks: Spring Boot, Hibernate ORM, Java Swing,
WCF, WPF, LINQ, Flask
Cloud & Deployment Tools: AWS, Microsoft Azure, IBM, Docker
Operating Systems: Windows, Ubuntu, Linux
Experience
Globalization Partners
Page 1 of 4
Software Developer
November 2017 - January 2020 (2 years 3 months)
Greater Boston Area
• Creating new features, enhance existing features and optimize existing
functionality
• Performing code review for the peers and deploying it to the test server.
• Implemented service layer using Spring IOC and annotations and Controllers
using Spring MVC.
• Implemented DAOs, entities using Hibernate API and Hibernate QL.
• Wrote client-side code for web-based applications using AngularJS and
jQuery.
• Implemented Java EE components using Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring
transactions and Spring security modules, Hibernate ORM.
• Improving application stability with the development and implementation of
bug fixes, enhancements, and alerts.
• Deployed Code on the AWS Server and Git hub for version control.
MSEI
Software Development Co-op
July 2016 - December 2016 (6 months)
Lake Oswego, Oregon
• Enhanced an application built using WPF technology by consolidating
existing functionalities into a single page.
• Developed a functionality to generate customized queries and retrieved
reports by building complex stored procedures.
• Conducted meetings for requirement gathering, analyzed them and created a
document for the finalized requirements.
• Created a software development plan document and software design
document for projects.
• Designed a database architecture and developed a code to enable
communication between client and server using WCF.
• Presented and demonstrated work done on the project to over 25 interns and
15 project leads.
Accenture
2 years 3 months
Software Engineering Analyst
December 2014 - July 2015 (8 months)
Mumbai
• Developed, tested and deployed a website utilizing VB.net and SQL.
Page 2 of 4
• Gathered requirements from the clients and performed Impact Analysis on
those requirements.
• Identified defects by scrutinising the website in the assembly testing, product
testing and user acceptance testing phase.
• Implemented and introduced AJAX and LINQ, fixed defects at different
testing phases of the project.
• Created stored procedures for incorporating reporting features, created Jobs
on Control-M for timely execution.
• Trained 10 team members on technical and functional approaches of the
project.
Associate Software Engineering Analyst
May 2013 - November 2014 (1 year 7 months)
Mumbai Area, India
• Led and managed a team of 5 members within the first 8 months of joining
Accenture.
• Improved the look and feel of the project using HTML and incorporated
validations using JavaScript.
• Presented new features and demonstrated their functionalities to the clients
before its deployment on the Server.
• Prepared test cases, performed testing and provided support to the users
who faced any technical/functional issues.
Mahindra and Mahindra Private Ltd.
Intern
June 2012 - July 2012 (2 months)
Mumbai
Worked as an Intern for a month wherein I learned on how to use Business
object tools to develop reports to predict the future demands for each of the
products sold by the company and maintain the profit of the company.
Tech Mahindra Private Ltd
Project Trainee
May 2011 - July 2011 (3 months)
Worked as a part of the Technical Support team wherein I learned how VPN
works and how active server directory of the company is created and also
performed Research on Cloud Computing.
Education
Page 3 of 4
Northeastern University
Master’s Degree, Information Systems · (2015 - 2017)
Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies
Engineer's Degree, Information Technology · (2009 - 2013)
Page 4 of 4
