Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/amerriman
(LinkedIn)
ashleymerriman.com (Personal)
github.com/amerriman (Portfolio)
students.galvanize.com/people/429
(Portfolio)
Top Skills
HTML
JavaScript
AngularJS
Certifications
Colorado Professional Teaching
License
New York State Professional
Teaching License
Publications
Teaching U.S. History, Dialogues
Among Social Studies Teachers and
Historians.
Ashley Merriman
Software Developer at Charter Communications
Denver, Colorado
Summary
Full Stack developer with an extensive background in education.
Keen ability to wrangle classrooms filled with adults and middle
school students alike. Diverse professional experience includes web
and software development, curriculum design, training and conflict
mitigation.
When I'm not coding I'm - hiking, skiing, traveling, building something
or trying a new brewery.
Experience
Charter Communications
Software Developer (Contract)
October 2018 - Present (1 year 6 months)
IHS Markit
Associate Software Engineer
August 2017 - October 2018 (1 year 3 months)
Greater Denver Area
Utilize Angular (4-6), AngularJS, TypeScript, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML, and
CSS to contribute to development of enterprise web app. Convert AngularJS
1.6 application to Angular 6 in phases to ensure older codebase works
alongside new Angular modules. Develop new front-end feature modules for
processing complex custom notifications based on large data sets. Refine
and iterate on user interface designs to create clear and intuitive customer
experiences.
Field Squared
Jr. Software Developer
May 2016 - June 2017 (1 year 2 months)
Denver, CO
Translate high level requirements into new user story solutions and bug fixes.
Utilize Angular, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, LESS, RESTful API interaction
and CoffeeScript to produce clean and intuitive user interface for large,
Page 1 of 3
customizable software platform. Implemented customized time zone feature
with Kendo date-pickers and MomentJS to allow users to set and view
application and data across multiple time zones. Created a customizable drag-
and-drop document interface to allow users to design and develop their own
customized screens, interfaces and pdf print views using pre-configured data
objects. Utilize Agile workflow process.
Field Squared - "Mobile Applications Development Platform: Code-free mobile
front-end platform extends any back-office business system to the field
Intelligently mobilize your field workforce with Field Squared’s mobile app
platform that integrates all your back-office systems into a completely
configurable and easy to use mobile front end.
Two-way connections to existing databases and enterprise products, smart
forms, data blending, and workflow creation is done through a drag and drop
integration designer. Get the exact mobile platform your business needs – no
coding required."
Galvanize Inc
Web Development Workshop Instructor (Contract)
June 2016 - October 2016 (5 months)
Denver, CO
Instructor for short sessions of intensive web development and design
workshops. Guide students through the process of designing and developing
websites. Provide feedback on student generated code, troubleshoot bugs,
provide one-on-one assistance.
HomeAdvisor
Software Development Intern
February 2016 - May 2016 (4 months)
Golden, CO
Utilized knowledge of the full stack to contribute to both front and back end
development. Participated on agile team working on enterprise level software.
Responsibilities included completing stories as part of the typical sprint
process, refactoring legacy code and pairing with Sr. Developers to develop
best practices.
Cherry Creek Schools
Instructor
August 2013 - August 2015 (2 years 1 month)
Page 2 of 3
Englewood, Colorado
Utilized best practices for classroom instruction and management. Analyzed
formal and informal assessment data to support core teacher team in
increasing student achievement across content area. Partnered with core
teacher team for collaborative planning and cross-curricular connections.
Differentiated classroom activities to accommodate culturally and linguistically
diverse students as well as those with varying abilities. Project manager for
yearbook creation and production
New York City Department of Education
Instructor
September 2005 - August 2011 (6 years)
Taught combined courses of English Language Arts and Social Studies
(Humanities) to classes of
7th grade students with mixed ability levels. Co-created and implemented
curriculum map, aligned with the Common Core State Standards for Social
Studies and Language Arts, for the 7th grade Humanities department.
Supervised student teachers from New York University and Columbia
University as well as staff members of the America Reads program
New York University
Adjunct Instructor
September 2009 - June 2011 (1 year 10 months)
Adjunct instructor for undergraduate and graduate teacher education courses.
Specialized in practicum courses with an emphasis on methodology and
curriculum development for teaching Social Studies in middle and secondary
grades.
Education
New York University
Master of Arts, Social Studies Education
Richmond University Florence Campus
Sonoma State University
Bachelor of Arts, History
Page 3 of 3
