Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/catherineguo
(LinkedIn)
catherineguo.com (Personal)
Top Skills
JavaScript
React.js
CSS
Languages
Japanese (Elementary)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Chinese (Professional Working)
Honors-Awards
Cum Laude
Catherine Guo
Software Developer at LogicManager
Cambridge, Massachusetts
Summary
I'm a web developer who is passionate about using technology
to create enjoyable experiences for users. Coding allows me to
apply my creativity and problem solving skills towards projects that
excite me and align with my interests. I particularly enjoy frontend
work in React that incorporates interactive elements and provides a
seamless user experience.
Check out my portfolio at https://catherineguo.com/
Experience
LogicManager
Software Developer
January 2019 - Present (1 year 3 months)
Greater Boston Area
Currently, I contribute to the frontend development of LogicManager’s risk-
management SaaS product using React, Redux, and Typescript. I also write
unit tests using Jest and Enzyme to ensure the code functions as expected
when changes are made in the future.
General Assembly
Web Developer-in-Training
July 2018 - October 2018 (4 months)
Greater Boston Area
General Assembly's Web Development Immersive program is a 12-week
career accelerator that focuses on full-stack web development using the latest
technologies. Projects completed during this program:
GIF Box - A full stack web application built with React, Sass, Bootstrap, Ruby
on Rails, and PostgreSQL. Users can search for GIFs in the app and save
them to their personal collections. The search feature is powered by Tenor's
GIF API. Start saving GIFs here: https://catherineguo.github.io/gif-box-client/
Page 1 of 4
This or That! - A full stack single-page app developed with two other
developers at General Assembly in three days. Users can create surveys and
vote on other users' surveys. Built with Express, MongoDB, Node, JavaScript,
Handlebars, jQuery, Bootstrap, and Sass. Cast your votes here: https://
onwednesdayswecode.github.io/survey-client/
PetConnector - A simple solution for pet owners to create checklists to
share with their pet sitters. Built with JavaScript, Handlebars, jQuery, AJAX,
Bootstrap, Sass, Ruby on Rails, PostgreSQL. See it in action here: https://
catherineguo.github.io/pet-connector-client/
Gradifi, A First Republic Company
Marketing Associate, Email and Content
June 2017 - March 2018 (10 months)
Boston, MA
- Created and deployed monthly newsletters and promotional email campaigns
to Gradifi members.
- Segmented audiences for email campaigns to ensure high open rates and
clickthrough rates.
- Developed welcome streams that encourage user engagement with the
Gradifi platform.
- Collaborated with outside agency to develop content marketing strategy and
provide editorial feedback on proposed articles for Gradifi's content site, The
Notebook.
- Created reports on inbound leads using data in Salesforce.
Ready4
Marketing Associate
July 2016 - April 2017 (10 months)
Greater Boston Area
- Collected qualified leads for the sales team by creating landing pages using
Instapage.
- Wrote copy for B2B and B2C emails, one pagers, and landing pages.
- Planned content calendar for company blog and managed the article writing
process with in-house and freelance writers.
- Oversaw content creation in all of Ready4's social media channels: 5
Facebook pages, 5 Twitter accounts, and 1 LinkedIn page.
- Reached out to influencers in the industry through social media and email
communication.
Page 2 of 4
Japan Exchange and Teaching Program(me) (JET)
Assistant Language Teacher
August 2013 - July 2015 (2 years)
Chikugo-shi, Fukuoka, Japan
- Created 40+ original lesson plans incorporating listening, speaking, reading,
and writing practice for English classes at a Japanese high school.
- Led 12-14 classes each week with an average class size of 20 students.
- Graded written and oral assignments for 240 students.
- Tutored students one-on-one with mock interviews for a standardized English
speaking exam.
- Coached students entering English speech contests.
Wellesley College
UX Research Assistant
June 2013 - August 2013 (3 months)
Wellesley, MA
As a member of the Wellesley Human Computer Interaction (HCI) Lab under
Dr. Orit Shaer, I worked as part of the 2013 Wellesley iGEM team to develop
an application for the Microsoft PixelSense device that aids biologists in the
design of synthetic biology circuits.
Responsibilities included:
- Conducting user experience tests with biology researchers and
undergraduate students.
- Creating hand-drawn user interface (UI) mockups on paper.
- Learning basic programming to aid in the development of the app.
Brainscape
Content and Marketing Intern
June 2012 - August 2012 (3 months)
Greater New York City Area
- Corrected errors in Chinese content on Brainscape's flashcard app for Apple
iOS.
- Created GIF animations of stroke order for Chinese characters using Adobe
Photoshop.
- Created and scheduled Twitter posts using Hootsuite.
- Analyzed Brainscape's website traffic using data from Google Analytics.
Education
Wellesley College
Page 3 of 4
B.A., Cognitive and Linguistic Sciences · (2009 - 2013)
General Assembly
Web Development Immersive · (2018 - 2018)
Harbin Institute of Technology
Chinese Language · (2012 - 2012)
Page 4 of 4
