Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/candacestern
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Java
JavaScript
C/C++
Honors-Awards
Honoree, Dean’s List
Honoree, President’s List
Honoree, President’s List
Candace Stern
Software Developer at Accenture
Washington D.C. Metro Area
Summary
Enthusiastic software developer adept at computer programming
concepts and techniques. Proficient in the design, development, and
debugging of programs. Applicable knowledge of data structures
to include real-world problem-solving concepts, software design,
android platform and android application components.
Experience
Accenture
Software Developer
July 2019 - December 2019 (6 months)
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
- Worked in a POC lab developing new technology concepts in 2 week sprints.
- Implemented Object-Relational Mapping(ORM) using Hibernate to
seamlessly integrate Java and MySQL.
- Integrated Web Services like REST and AWS to achieve SOA for
communication between platforms.
- Investigated key design parameters and their relationship to product
performance
- Plan, procure, test, and evaluate physical prototypes to test performance
features.
Revature
Full Stack Developer
March 2019 - December 2019 (10 months)
Reston, Virginia
- Developed and exposed REST services built with Spring Boot and hosted on
Apache Tomcat servers.
- Developed and managed normalized OracleSQL databases using SQL
scripting.
- Ample experience with Java, HTML, Angular, TypeScript, SQL, Spring and
Spring Boot.
- Created full-stack web applications as Microservices, implemented with
Netflix OSS technologies: Eureka and Zuul
Page 1 of 2
- Implemented automated unit testing in Java with JUnit
Sprint
Sales Technician
May 2016 - March 2019 (2 years 11 months)
Port Orange, FL
Provides a total sales solution to customers regarding their wireless/mobility
needs. Trained and mentored new team members. Replaced circuit boards,
buttons, and screens for cell phones and tablets. Exceeds key performance
objectives for sales and customer satisfaction goals
NASA Florida Space Grant Consortium
Intern
September 2017 - December 2017 (4 months)
Daytona Beach, Florida
Responsible for analyzing code for system testing and debugging for
MyOpenMath.com, a mathematics website utilized by college/university faculty
and students.
Coordinated with partner using PHP to create a user-friendly webpage for
faculty and students in the subject areas of precalculus and trigonometry.
Education
Bethune-Cookman University
Bachelor of Science - BS, Computer Science · (2013 - 2017)
Page 2 of 2
