Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
rodriguezaliciaf (LinkedIn)
aliciar.me/ (Personal)
Top Skills
Angular
JavaScript
TypeScript
Languages
Spanish (Native or Bilingual)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Try Git
The Magical Marvels of MongoDB
Front-end Foundations
Try SQL
Honors-Awards
Seventh Place
Alicia Rodriguez
Software Engineer II at Ultimate Software
Miami, Florida
Summary
Dynamic bilingual professional. Highly organized and independent;
able to effectively coordinate tasks to accomplish projects with
timeliness and creativity.
Experience
Ultimate Software
4 years 4 months
Software Engineer II
September 2018 - Present (1 year 6 months)
Weston, FL
Continued working on the same team with the latest version of Angular. Was
part of the process/migration to keep our front-end project version up to date.
Attended the AngularMix conference in Orlando, FL, USA where I learned and
got a sneak peak of what would be coming up next for Angular, which helped
guide and shape the way our Angular application is working right now.
Currently, working on a new product in the team to provide in-product support
to customers for our current products. This has given me the opportunity to
start looking into back-end technologies like NestJS.
On the side, working on a workshop I will be hosting, alongside a teammate,
about Angular Testing guidelines and best practices, which we will be
presenting in the ngAtlanta 2020 conference in Atlanta, GA, USA.
Software Engineer I
February 2017 - September 2018 (1 year 8 months)
Weston, FL
Transitioned from an intern to a full-time employee on February 13, 2017.
Continued working on the team and assisted in migrating the application from
AngularJS to Angular. Continued working with Angular and Typescript as well
as AngularMaterial to provide business solutions.
Page 1 of 3
During this time, I worked on the Angular Material open source project to
fix an issue they were having with their stepper component. Attended an
all-day workshop on Developing and Architecting Solutions with Functional
Programming. Conducted front-end interviews and internship interviews.
Was awarded the "Bridge Builder" award for taking the initiative in working
with the another team and getting to know their best-practices and processes
and seeing how our team could benefit from them and vice versa; this led to
authoring a front-end best-practices document for my team.
Software Engineer Intern
November 2015 - February 2017 (1 year 4 months)
Weston, FL
Worked within the Research/POC team (for about 9 months) where we
developed applications in a number of different languages such as Javascript,
GO, and others.
For the remainder of the internship, I was placed in another team where we
developed an application in AngularJS and Java Spring Boot. I mostly worked
with AngularJS.
Mercantil Commercebank
Service Desk Analyst
February 2015 - November 2015 (10 months)
Doral, FL
Provided assistance and help to the Support Center team. Answering calls and
managing tickets on a ticketing system where all technical and non-technical
problems are reported. Organizing the team’s work load and improving their
service levels by 40% every-day.
Causey C. Lee, Orthodontics
Front Desk Assistant
August 2014 - January 2015 (6 months)
Hialeah, FL
Support in: making calls for patients to schedule appointments, creating
documents, filing and organizing highly sensitive information, as well as
maintaining a good relationship with patients.
Mercantil Commercebank
Summer Intern
June 2012 - August 2014 (2 years 3 months)
Page 2 of 3
Doral, FL
Worked here for 3 summers as a Summer Intern in the Wealth Management
Department.
Provided support for projects including making copies, filing, creating
documents, making calls, and checking files for accuracy as well as
maintaining confidentiality when dealing with highly sensitive information.
Education
Florida International University - College of Engineering & Computing
Bachelor of Science (BS), Computer Science · (2014 - 2017)
Miami Dade College
Associate of Arts (A.A.), Computer Science · (2011 - 2014)
School for Advanced Studies
· (2011 - 2014)
Page 3 of 3
