Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/azengyu
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Linguistics
Unix Operating Systems
C++/C
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Mandarin Chinese (Native or
Bilingual)
Honors-Awards
UCLA Library Prize for
Undergraduate Research for Minor
Project (Arts & Humanities)
'Numeral-Classifier Reduplication
and Telicity in Mandarin Chinese'
Panelist in 'Majoring in Video Game
Music: How to Put On a Game Music
Concert'
‘Substantive Bias and Word-Final
Voiced Obstruents: An Artificial
Grammar Learning Study’
Publications
Human use of machine translation to
extract information from texts
'Numeral-Classifier Reduplication in
Mandarin Chinese'
Ann Zeng
Software Engineer, Data Analysis (Data Engineering) at Factual Inc
Los Angeles, California
Summary
The two things that drive me through my life are chasing intellectual
stimulation and experiencing the joy of working with awesome, smart
people. It's what made me want to pick up a Master's degree at the
same time as my Bachelor's. It's what makes me want to innovate
and pioneer new directions at all of my jobs. It's pretty much what
pushes me to be me.
Experience
Factual Inc
Software Engineer, Data Analysis (Data Engineering)
March 2018 - Present (2 years)
Century City, CA
As a member of the Places team, I help to monitor and improve the quality
of our Global Places dataset as it travels through our data processing
pipelines. I help the team create and maintain web crawls and trusted partner
contributions for sourcing data. With all of these individual location data points,
I run workflows that effectively take millions of inputs from crawls and other
partner contributed sources in order to summarize them into our global places
datasets. Before the datasets are released to our clients, I regularly evaluate
quality of our datasets, and when there are regressions, I design and execute
solutions to address these regressions or simply to continue increasing the
quality of our data.
Materia Collective
Contributing musician
October 2015 - Present (4 years 5 months)
"Founded in 2015 by Sebastian Wolff, Materia Collective began as a
collection of musicians seeking to celebrate the music of Final Fantasy with a
massive arrange album. Materia Collective has since grown into a label that
produces and releases original music alongside creative interpretations and
arrangements of new and classic game scores.
Page 1 of 6
Today, Materia Collective features an international array of musicians, brought
together by a passion for gaming, music, and creative entrepreneurship to
continue developing the unique identity of the group."
https://www.materiacollective.com/artist/ann_zeng
Contributions to 8 albums and counting.
Feedonomics
1 year 8 months
Junior Feed Dev Engineer
July 2017 - March 2018 (9 months)
Woodland Hills
As a PHP developer on the Feed Development team, I support the
Feedonomics Fulfillment team by writing web-scraping scripts that help our
clients better integrate with the Feedonomics platform. I also generate and
process data feeds for our clients, as well as do data cleanup for them. I'll work
with the APIs of various Ecommerce platforms, like Bigcommerce or Shopify,
or shopping engines and shopping marketplaces, like Google, Amazon, etc.
Sometimes, I write SQL queries to show KPIs to management or to help
further organize client data.
Technology Integration Manager
August 2016 - July 2017 (1 year)
Woodland Hills, CA
At Feedonomics, we present a full-service solution for your product feed
needs. Every potential client gets to speak with the Technology Integration
team, as we give feedback on how the Feedonomics platform can integrate
with their current Ecommerce solutions. I consulted with these potential clients
on integrating with Feedonomics as a sales engineer/support role. As a part
of this process, I compiled and presented audits to both potential clients
and signed clients regarding the quality of their current shopping feed, or I
put together tailored technical demonstrations using client-given data. I also
coordinated developer requests and resources tasked out by members of the
fulfillment team.
Additionally, I oversaw or supported many enterprise/key accounts of
Feedonomics, providing technical support and coordinating developer
requests, as these clients use our platform for their data feed needs. To
assist them, I also helped them clean up and organize their data using
Page 2 of 6
the Feedonomics platform. In my spare time, I also pioneered projects
like new feed analyst training documentation and self-serve client training
documentation.
University of Maryland Center for Advanced Study of Language
(CASL)
Research Assistant - Machine Translation Study
June 2015 - October 2015 (5 months)
College Park, Maryland
Publication forthcoming: 'Human Use of Machine Translation to Extract
Information from Texts'
Book chapter submitted with the team at the University of Maryland, Center
for Advanced Study of Language. To be published with the John Benjamins
American Translators Association series.
During my summer at CASL, I worked as a research assistant on a project
which explores the interactions of machine translation and human translation
(so, Google versus a human brain and a dictionary). With the design of
the experiment already in place, the team and I began work running and
evaluating the current study. I recruited language learners from across the
United States and identified a novel method of quantitatively evaluating our
participants' results, based off of previous similar studies. I also provided
additional research, reports, and publication reviews on Translation Memory, a
type of translation tool.
Aside from my assigned research project, I participated in a weekly python
seminar taught by one of the research scientists at CASL. Summoning up
my first-year computer science courses, I helped provide a small additional
seminar on the basics of object oriented programming.
U.S. Department of State; U.S. Embassy, Beijing: U.S.-China
Fulbright Program
Virtual Student Foreign Service (VSFS) eIntern
September 2014 - June 2015 (10 months)
During my senior year in college, I participated in a year-long internship with
members of the Fulbright Program at the US Embassy in Beijing. Despite our
16-hour time difference and 6000+ mile location difference, we put together a
number of different projects throughout the 10 months together.
Page 3 of 6
The first project was to edit and proofread the directory of that year's Fulbright
participants. My bilingualism came in handy, as I could read both the Chinese
and English portions of the directory. The second project was to create and
manage the marketing materials for Fulbright conferences and other events.
An old brochure was revamped with new images, testimonials, and text to be
handed out throughout the year at all the events that the Fulbright staff would
attend and host. The last project involved QAing and layout tweaks to the
current Fulbright website. Different programs had their various content pages
revamped with updated data and standardized with respect to each other to
ensure a better user experience scrolling through the site.
UCLA
1 year 6 months
Undergraduate Teaching Assistant - Upper Division Linguistics
January 2014 - June 2015 (1 year 6 months)
Once for Syntax I (Winter quarter 2014), once for Syntax II (Spring quarter
2015).
Since syntax is my favorite linguistic subject, what better way to fully
understand it than to teach it? For two separate teachers, I helped put together
lecture materials and homework assignments for the students. In my own
time, I put together additional guides and problem sets for midterm and final
exam review. I held office hours on my own, and put together additional
review sessions for the midterm and the final, where we went over homework
problems, lecture concepts, and novel problem sets as well.
Natural Language Processing Undergraduate Research Assistant
April 2014 - December 2014 (9 months)
Led by RedHen Labs and Communication professor Frances Steen, this
project aims to aid in the development of algorithms used to help make tagging
of closed captions more accurate and efficient.
I was brought onboard as one of the first research assistants, and I
demonstrated enough Unix knowledge at our initial interview that my first
task was to create a manual for the rest of the RAs who would join our team.
The manual taught them how to install Python, get used to working with a
Unix shell, and use the basic Python script that would help them perform
their research duties. Once the team was assembled and the software was
acquired, we all worked to hand-tag closed captioned transcripts using the
Penn Treebank tagging guidelines. These transcripts tagged with parts of
Page 4 of 6
speech were to be used as learning data for the machine learning algorithm
that was being developed by the lab.
Phonology Undergraduate Research Assistant
March 2014 - June 2014 (4 months)
Linguistics research involving African tonal languages:
Organize written fieldwork data of the Seeku language collected by graduate
student.
Cut and organize audio files of fieldwork data of the Seeku language collected
by graduate student.
Transcribe folk music of the Tommo So language collected by graduate
student.
Hitachi Data Systems
Global Solution Services Intern - Copyediting
June 2014 - October 2014 (5 months)
San Jose, California; Santa Clara, California
Hitachi Data Systems' Global Solution Services aims to help enterprise
customers in protecting and managing their data. During my summer there, my
main project was to revamp and update their internal website resources used
by the field engineers. Their current website system was more like a forum-
style system with disorganized pages, so I took inventory of the existing pages
and began to create both standardized landing pages and content pages that
would consolidate the scattered information. Team members both in the office
and in the UK worked with me to put together the new webpages. Their service
manuals, solutions documents, process checklists, etc. were updated and
rolled out during that same summer for some of the most commonly provided
services.
An additional project I picked up that summer was upkeep of the HDS
community site for partners, which mirrors internal website resources that were
nonconfidential.
Education
University of California, Los Angeles
Master of Arts (M.A.), Linguistics · (2015 - 2016)
University of California, Los Angeles
Page 5 of 6
Bachelor of Arts, Linguistics · (2011 - 2015)
College of San Mateo
Page 6 of 6
