Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/janejiwonlee
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
C++
HTML
Adobe Photoshop
Jane Lee
Software Engineering Intern at Microsoft
Los Angeles, California
Experience
Microsoft
Software Engineering Intern
September 2019 - Present (7 months)
Bellevue, Washington
Maps & Geospatial team
Amazon
Software Development Engineer Intern
June 2019 - September 2019 (4 months)
Greater Seattle Area
• Designed and developed an iOS application (Swift) which provides a
customized test drive experience provided entirely through the mobile app.
Application allows for users to control vehicles with a keyless approach
through the app’s buttons, and integrates with Alexa to respond to inquires
speciﬁc to test drive vehicle being driven.
• Implemented keyless hardware control of vehicles using asynchronous
networking calls to hardware installed in vehicle, providing functionality for user
to ﬁnd, lock, and unlock vehicle through the app.
• Built timers counting down until the time of the begin and end of the
scheduled test drive, restricting vehicle control to allocated time frame and
visually informing users of such time restraint.
• Provided redirection of users to Amazon product page respective to vehicles
driven, where customers could leave a review or be provided a dealership to
purchase vehicle.
Viasat Inc.
Software Engineering Intern
June 2018 - September 2018 (4 months)
Greater San Diego Area
• Developed an internal web application using the MEAN stack (MongoDB,
Express, AngularJS, Node.js) which allows business analysts to more
conveniently record and review project plans in a standardized format utilizing
SurveyJS.
Page 1 of 2
• Built email sharing functionality to allow users to invite others to access plans
with an individualized auto-generated link which takes into account permission
levels respective to each user, thus ensuring security of sensitive data.
• Refactored existing code to allow for ease in implementation for future
features, considering dependency between answers and alteration of survey
template.
• Product resulted in a conservative return on investment of being $150,000
per year.
Intel Corporation
Software Engineering Intern
June 2017 - September 2017 (4 months)
Greater San Diego Area
• Developed an Android program for assisted home devices, designing a
uniquely optimized algorithm to manipulate audio projection relative to user
position by incorporating facial detection through computer vision to detect
user proximity.
• Constructed state machine design to allow for ease in not only the audio
handoff process and functionality between multiple devices, resulting in
simpler debugging and program architecture as well.
• Implemented audio synchronization within devices through both NTP time
and server-client communication through an access point/WiFi, providing
multiple options of synchronization in anticipation of various network
availabilities.
• Created the algorithm for distance dependent audio output by ascertaining
key visual features, using data gathered to determine the rate of volume
change to provide an optimal listening experience.
• Maximized application performance in regard to runtime and memory with
statistics gathered from Traceview and execution logs.
Education
University of California, Los Angeles
Bachelor of Science - BS, Computer Science · (2015 - 2020)
Page 2 of 2
