Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/tambriakemp
(LinkedIn)
github.com/tambriakemp (Other)
Top Skills
HTML
Website Development
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)
Tambria Kemp
Software Engineer at The Home Depot
Dallas/Fort Worth Area
Summary
Motivated Front-End Developer with experience creating custom
websites through various front-end technologies such as HTML5/
CSS3 and JavaScript frameworks. Strong collaboration skills and
proven history of website and application development. Strong
analytical skills with focus on accurate and prompt results. Result
driven, high personal level of integrity and work ethics with a
dynamic balance of people skills. Ability to learn and adapt quickly in
a fast-paced environment and to take on initiatives.
Experience
The Home Depot
Software Engineer
August 2019 - Present (7 months)
Cre8 Visions
Web Developer
February 2006 - Present (14 years 1 month)
Atlanta, GA
Translating a client's marketing or informational content into a functional
and cross-browser compatible responsive websites and landing pages
using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, React, NodeJS and WordPress
technologies. Builds APIs using NodeJs and Express for clients requiring
backend applications. Creating or editing images and graphics for website use
using Adobe Photoshop and other design tools. Collect coding requirements
for site creation including: Ecommerce capability, forms, and plugins. Map
out user flow and plugins for more complicated sites. Designing wireframes
and complete layouts/concepts of websites using Adobe Photoshop. Malware
cleaning of WordPress sites infected. Site migrations for one hosting company
to another. Configure e-commerce plugins such as woocommerce on
WordPress websites. Integrate basic SEO (Search Engine Optimization)
features on newly developed websites. Generate monthly analytic reports for
clients.
Page 1 of 6
Ionic Security
3 years
Front-End Developer
2018 - June 2019 (1 year)
Collaborate with other front and back end developers to implement new
features for the www.ionic.com WordPress brochure site. Implement design
requirements using custom HTML, CSS and PHP. Install and configure
plugins to internal customers’ requirements. Troubleshoot and resolve
WordPress problems with themes, plugins and theme builders. Work with
MySQL database. Use GIT version control.
Software Test Engineer
July 2016 - June 2019 (3 years)
Atlanta, GA
Design, develop and execute automated and manual test cases, scripts,
plans and procedures for the Analytics, Policy and Plugin teams. Setup QA
processes and needed environments that contributes to the manual and
automation testing strategy. Maintain and update the regression test plan
and test cases based on new functionality. Work with software developers to
identify and resolve defects/bugs. Participate in product team sprint planning
meetings and formulate testing approach. Triage issue items in JIRA backlog
for development and release readiness. Setup, organized and documented
process flows for qTest application for other QA team members. Setup testing
efforts and processes on three different teams/products (Analytics, Policy
and Plugin). Use of encryption/decryption and command line tools to test
application functionality.
Thinkful
Full Stack Developer Apprentice
2018 - 2018 (less than a year)
Learned industry best practices and practical software development standards
with a focus on HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Node.js, React, Redux, and
algorithms & data structures.
Created and deployed mobile-first applications while learning new languages
and frameworks by collaborating several hours every week with a senior web
developer.
Kabbage, Inc
Software Test Engineer
July 2015 - May 2016 (11 months)
Page 2 of 6
Greater Atlanta Area
• Responsible for the manual testing of new product features, for web and
mobile applications primarily written in Python, AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3,
jQuery, Django.
• Developed test data, executed test plans, cases, and/or scripts for
automation.
• Reviewed business requirements for new application features and verified
new development meet those requirements.
• Deployed new feature development to QA environments for testing using
Bamboo.
• Used a combination of Selenium, Protractor and JavaScript to write and run
automated test.
• Used Jira to track and record software defects as well as to document
process and test results.
• Interviewed job candidates for open development and quality assurance
roles.
Telular Corporation
Software Test Engineer
February 2014 - July 2015 (1 year 6 months)
Atlanta, GA
* Responsible for testing security web applications used by residential and
commercial security companies such as ADT and Comcast.
* Ensure web based application are delivered to meet client requirements and
service requirement levels.
* Lead the design, development, and testing of web based application
components in support of sales and operation.
* Responsible for deploying and monitoring web application pre and post
production.
* Facilitate Release Readiness Reviews prior to web application development.
* Setup Microsoft Test Manager environment to ensure quality delivery of web
based application and web portals.
* Aiding in the implementation of an automated testing facility using both
internal and external engineering resources.
* Gathered business requirements and converted them into application
requirements for the web based application.
* Communicate project status and data quality status to internal and external
teams.
* Prepare documentation for test strategy, test plans, test estimation, test
cases, and test scripts.
Page 3 of 6
* Develop test data, execute test plans, cases, and/or scripts for automation
using Visual Studios.
* Leads test execution efforts and ensures that all aspects of engineering,
production, sales and operations are ready for product launch.
Landis+Gyr
Software Test Engineer
October 2011 - February 2014 (2 years 5 months)
Alpharetta, GA
* Performed web application testing on Landis+Gyr’s web based software
application for service meters.
* Analyzed test results, perform data validation and track any defects that
occurs.
* Wrote queries to retrieve test data used in testing of different modules of the
application.
* Developed test plans, tests cases, and /or automated test scripts using
technical requirements and design specification as input.
* Designed and coordinate the implementation of test environments.
* Developed test data, execute test plans, cases, and/or scripts using
automated test tools.
* Documented test results and provide SQA test progress reports as
appropriate.
* Collaborated with Software engineers in developing test cases for Unit and
System Tests.
* Managed user tests and coordinate with the Project team to take appropriate
actions required to correct software defects.
* Reviewed user stories and work with business partners to refine the
requirements such that they can be objectively tested using the Agile/Scrum
process.
* Coordinated with engineering and development to establish a well-
constructed testing environment.
* Worked closely with developers and business partners to ensure all aspects
of the product are tested.
ADP
Carrier Connection Specialist
October 2007 - October 2011 (4 years 1 month)
Alpharetta, GA
Page 4 of 6
* Resolved client internal application problems and new requests in the area of
system set up, product functionality and product enhancements in addition to
other services issues in the complex arena of payroll and Human Resources.
* Programmed new electronic data interchange files as well as maintenance
production files using proprietary coding that follow various HIPAA and HR &
Benefit standards.
* Worked with clients and third party vendors to gather business requirements
and configure electronic data exchange files in between application systems.
* Researched, designed and modified complex mainframe features or software
applications to meet the client's specific needs.
* Implemented web services for clients who required real time access to data
stored on ADP’s databases.
* Assisted clients with coding and troubleshooting JAVA/XML based API calls
for web services purposes.
* Wrote JAVA code to provide to clients needing assistance in setting up web
services.
* Assisted clients in integrating ADP's Human Resource and Benefits
application with their third party vendors applications.
Geek Squad
Technician
August 2004 - December 2010 (6 years 5 months)
* Responsible for repairing any Windows 98/2K/NT/XP/Vista/Win7 computer as
well as any hardware, software or peripheral.
* Performed new and used computer setups, installs, diagnostics and
upgrades.
* Performed data backups as well as data transfers for computer systems.
* Completed services such as system functionality checks and network
functionality for small to medium sized business.
* Troubleshot wireless and wired networks in various small to medium sized
business.
Aon Hewitt
Setup Configuration Analyst
August 2006 - October 2007 (1 year 3 months)
Atlanta, GA
Page 5 of 6
* Responsible for configuring and testing Hewitt’s proprietary Total Benefits
Administration (TBA) system to meet the Health and Welfare needs of clients’
requirements.
* Used the SDLC (System Development Life Cycle) principles and concepts to
manage day to day client projects.
* Complete analysis artifacts with configuration needs passed down from client
requirements for new setup.
* Wrote intermediate SQL queries to retrieve information stored on client
databases.
* Used SQL to pull reports and analyze data off the Oracle database.
* Tested new modules created against the clients databases.
* Executed test plans by first identifying test cases and then conducting testing
based on plan to determine if program functions without defects (including
regression testing).
* Documented defects and may investigate and resolve issues when actual
results don't meet expected results.
* Analyzed issues/defects and debugged the system when configuration is not
producing expected results. Researched issues to determine if source of error
is with the test data, test plan, or configuration.
Education
Thinkful
Full Stack · (2018 - 2019)
Keller Graduate School of Management of DeVry University
Master’s Degree, Project Management · (2010 - 2012)
Fort Valley State University
Bachelor’s Degree, Computer and Information Sciences,
General · (2002 - 2006)
Page 6 of 6
