Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/cassie-wang-
aa64224b (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
React.js
Java
C++
Cassie Wang
Software Engineer at Palantir Technologies
San Francisco, California
Experience
Palantir Technologies
3 years 7 months
Software Engineer
September 2018 - Present (1 year 6 months)
Forward Deployed Software Engineer
August 2016 - August 2018 (2 years 1 month)
• Iterated with customers and conducted user interviews to formulate technical
requirements and deadlines, iterate on usability of workflow, and incorporate
feedback into core product to expand usage over time.
• Scoped, managed, and developed a full-stack application designed for HR
management and personnel tracking for abroad employees. Migrated all users
off of legacy system and quadrupled usage over the course of 3 months. (java,
react, redux, typescript, sql)
• Developed a pluginized micro-service that allows for customizable
Gazetteers and abstraction of geocoding for all in-house applications.
Experienced a 7x speed up over legacy Gazetteer service. (java, geojson)
• Scoped, managed, and developed a multi-service solution for Operation
planning and management. Wrote various feature and architecture white-
papers for product teams to implement. Translated existing prototype code
from a front-end DSL and javascript to the more modern react framework.
• Abstracted customer specific bespoke components into a reusable published
package for companywide use. (react, less, typescript)
• Abstracted and published application components in order to move from
application to library for increased iteration speed and ease of api consumption
of our largest data-driven map application. (webpack, react, less, typescript)
Washington University in St. Louis
Teaching Assistant
January 2015 - May 2016 (1 year 5 months)
Teaching Assistant for the following courses:
• CSE 131: Computer Science I
• CSE 132: Computer Science II
• CSE 316: Social Network Analysis
Page 1 of 3
• CSE 330: Rapid Prototype Development and Creative Programming
• CSE 549T: Parallel and Sequential Algorithms
Palantir Technologies
Infrastructure Quality Engineer Intern
June 2015 - August 2015 (3 months)
• Automated data transfer in a distributed test environment to ensure similar
ecosystem as deployment. Leveraged Linux, Bash, and rsync to complete
automation.
• Managed testing and release of product to customer. Organized and
transcribed testing story for elements of product to ensure thorough and
iterative front-end testing. Discussed potential edge cases with the developers.
• Furthered existing JUnit tests of back-end to match the front-end testing story
to complete end-to-end testing. Worked with developers to approach a more
Test-Driven Development approach.
IBM
Intern, Software Development for Cloud & Smarter Infrastructure
July 2013 - August 2014 (1 year 2 months)
May 2014 - present:
• Developed universal file format for easy conversion of one file type to
another. Use of
Test-Driven Development using a Maven project with GIT repositories and
JUnit
testing, with development primarily in Java. Created RESTful Web Service
using JAX-RS, deployed to Bluemix.
• Automated Perl scripts to make transferring of data between databases more
efficient.
Developed for Cognos to MySQL using Perl, Java, and SQL.
• Tested remote customer support tool (AOS IBM Endpoint Manager). Used
HTTP and
HTTPS ports and protocol, as well as additional ports for port forwarding.
• Led transcriptions project (audio to text). Responsible for defining tasks and
organizing assignments and data.
July 2013 - December 2013:
• Developed notification tool for product subscriptions using agile development,
specifically Scrum. Back-end development in Java. Front-end development
with AJAX
techniques, using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. Developed using IBM Rational
Page 2 of 3
Development Tool.
Education
Washington University in St. Louis
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Science · (2012 - 2016)
Free Code Camp
Full Stack Web Development Certificate, Computer Software
Engineering · (2015 - 2015)
Lake Travis High School
High School · (2009 - 2012)
Page 3 of 3
