Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/amber-gooch
(LinkedIn)
github.com/ambergooch (Other)
Top Skills
Critical Thinking
Problem Solving
Creativity
Amber Gooch
Junior Software Developer at CareBridge Health
Greater Nashville Area, TN
Summary
My first foray into coding began at the age of 13. I spent hours upon
hours clumsily picking through code attempting to interpret the lines
and lines of abstruse text. The ability to create with this strange
new language fascinated me. Years later, during my freshman
year of college, I enrolled in my first computer science course.
While this course served as my first official introduction to the true
magic of coding, my path ultimately led me elsewhere. However, I
eventually found my way back to computer programming. Everyday,
I rediscover how challenging, yet fun, writing code can be.
One of the most enthralling aspects of software development is
that it sits at the intersection of the creative and the analytical.
Oftentimes, I have been surprised to find unexpected connections
between the two. There is an immensely satisfying and fulfilling
reward to finding the solution to a problem that first seemed
unsolvable. Through my journey, I have learned to think both
creatively and analytically. Amid the challenging, and often
frustrating, aspects of coding is the prospect of honing my natural
talent to take a logical, analytical approach to problem-solving while
incorporating creativity. As I grow as a developer, I strive to learn
how to better problem-solve and ask the right questions.
Experience
CareBridge Health
Junior Software Developer
November 2019 - Present (5 months)
Greater Nashville Area, TN
Nashville Software School
Full-Stack Software Developer
May 2019 - November 2019 (7 months)
Greater Nashville Area, TN
Page 1 of 3
Intensive full-time, six-month web development bootcamp that focuses on the
skills and technologies required to become a full-stack software developer.
• Source code version control with Git/GitHub and project managing/tracking
with Github Projects
• JavaScript fundamentals using DRY, modular, readable code and reusable
components
• Experience using Bootstrap, Semantic UI, and CSS to style web applications
• Experience building single page applications with React.js
• Hands on application of Object Oriented Programming fundamentals
• Leveraged Django to create server-side Python web applications
• Experience utilizing raw SQL queries to interact with the database
• Comfortable with group and individual projects reflecting real-world team
dynamics and problem solving
American Red Cross
Manufacturing Laboratory Technician II
August 2015 - May 2019 (3 years 10 months)
• Manufactured, stored, and distributed blood products/samples according to
applicable FDA, AABB, CLIA, NRC and Red Cross policies and procedures.
• Performed and interpreted various testing procedures on blood products for
patients use at area hospitals
• Performed data entry and operated the computer programs associated with
component production, labeling, storage, and shipping.
• Maintained accurate and complete department records. Performed review of
manufacturing records.
• Ensured products/samples are suitable for release for distribution and are
managed appropriately. Identified and quarantined products/samples that don’t
meet quality requirements. Performed disposition of unacceptable products/
samples.
• Analyzed and made decisions based on visual inspection and information
provided from other departments to meet time requirements and quality
standards.
True Care Physicians Clinic
Administrative Assistant
May 2012 - August 2013 (1 year 4 months)
• Managed all front office functions including patient relations, check-in/check-
out, scheduling, insurance verification, and answering phones.
• Managed filing and retrieving medical records and patient information.
Page 2 of 3
• Assisted with collecting and recording co-pays (cash and/or charge)
including balancing the day in the computer.
Jackson OB/GYN Associates, P.C.
Medical Records Specialist
May 2008 - August 2011 (3 years 4 months)
• Ensured patient health information documents are scanned correctly, filed
appropriately, and batches are closed out properly into the electronic health
record
• Responded to medical record requests from external agencies
• Ensured medical record requests are properly logged and invoiced to
appropriate agencies
• Performed a variety of administrative duties including but not limited to:
answering phones; faxing and filing of confidential documents; and basic
Internet and email utilization.
Education
Nashville Software School
Full-Stack Software Development Bootcamp · (2019 - 2019)
University of Tennessee, Knoxville
Post-Baccalaureate Studies in Biochemistry and Cellular and Molecular
Biology · (2014 - 2015)
Emory University
Bachelor's degree, Anthropology · (2009 - 2013)
Page 3 of 3
