Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
nataliianewyork (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
LAMP
MERN
React.js
Languages
Russian (Native or Bilingual)
English (Professional Working)
Certifications
HTML/CSS, JS, and SQL
Computer Science -Stanford
University
PHP
Node with React: Fillstack Web
Development
SSR with React and Redux
Publications
Opencart extension developer page
Nataliia B.
React.js, Redux, Node. Full Stack Engineer
Greater New York City Area
Summary
I am a Software Engineer with 10+ years of experience in MERN and
LAMP stacks, developing robust code for high-volume businesses.
Increased code-efficiency of Splashlihgt Management System by
40%.
Boosted customer acquisition & retention at Alwaysmed.com by
more than 1000%.
Contributed to e-commerce cms Opencart, developing extensions
and themes.
I have a passion for solving complex problems using the latest
frameworks, languages and best practices.
Experience
Dauntless
Full Stack Engineer
March 2018 - Present (2 years)
Greater New York City Area
Splashlight
Software Engineer
October 2016 - April 2017 (7 months)
New York
Inventory Management System provide interfaces for managers,
photographers, retouchers and others to collaborate delivering high quality
digital product .
- Consulted team about MVC pattern logic, anti-patterns, frameworks, CMS
logics and best practices.
- Defined anti-patterns in the system, legacy code and planned refactoring
solutions.
- Rebuild user roles/permissions logic for multi clients support.
- Performed Database refactoring.
Page 1 of 4
- Defined major bugs on the system, created issues in Jira and scheduled the
work flow.
- Created interfaces by client’s (Victoria’s Secrets, Target) request.
Software used: PHP, Backbone.js, Codeigniter, MariaDB, Git, SourceTree,
BitBucket, Jira, Laravel Homestead pre-packaged Vagrant box.
AlwaysMed
3 years 8 months
Full Stack Engineer
February 2013 - September 2016 (3 years 8 months)
Brooklyn
Project: Triptrailing.com - The Social Network for travelers.
- Managed AWS EC2 IaaS system.
- Designed and developed from scratch the social network using Codeigniter
MVC framework on backend and Backbone.js on frontend.
- Developed UI using Google Map API and Backbone.js allowing users to
draw multi-part directions using a series of waypoints.
Software used: PHP, MySQL, Javascript, jQuery, Ajax, HTML5, CSS,
Bootstrap
API: Google Maps Javascript V3
Search Engine Optimization: Basic + Open Graph
Full Stack Engineer
February 2013 - September 2016 (3 years 8 months)
Greater New York City Area
Alwaysmed.com - Online medical records profile.
- Rebuild legacy and poor organized system from scratch using Codeigniter
MVC framework and javascript.
- Designed API for web and ios app.
- Designed and developed “Medical Vault” system for storing users medical
records and personal information.
- Designed and developed “Records Request” system which helps patients
request their records from medical offices without visiting them in person.
System prepared HIPPA-aproved form in pdf format using user information,
user signed it using mouse, and afterward the form was sent to the doctor with
a unique link with interface to send requested documents back to the user.
Page 2 of 4
- Developed “Doctors Database” for website visitors and inner users. User can
find his doctor in database and attach to profile. In case of emergency access
to profile, doctors contact information and diagnosis will be in a prominent
place
Customer capture: applying new features of technology for websites such as
Google Contacts API in order to increase the number of the customers, just as
LinkedIn does with its user's connection. This solution is increasing the number
of the customers by 10,000 users on a monthly basis
Infrastructure: AWS EC2
Software used: PHP, MySQL, CodeIgniter, Backbone.js, jQuery, Javascript,
HTML, CSS
CMS: Drupal
API: Google Contacts API, PayPal API
TurkishNY
Software Engineer
November 2012 - February 2013 (4 months)
Brooklyn
TurkishNY.com - A high loaded news portal for Turkish people living in the US
- Redesigned the website to become a mobile compatible modern website
- Applied new features of technology for websites to make it more appealing
and efficient
- Developed new features, such as slideshows, weather channel, horoscope,
etc
- Managed daily mailing newsletters for subscribers
Software used: PHP, MySQL, Joomla, jQuery , Javascript
Sarbc / Web studio
Software Engineer
December 2010 - August 2012 (1 year 9 months)
Project: sarbc.ru - A high loaded web portal including 50+ subdomains such
as auto, real estate, news, etc
- Developed new features for projects: realty.sarbc.ru, news.sarbc.ru,
health.sarbc.ru
- Performed full redesign and search engine optimization for realty.sarbc.ru,
health.sarbc.ru
Page 3 of 4
Project: Web Studio
- Involved in a full-cycle website and application development from concept to
completion, for clients in diverse industries, such as: non-profit, financial,
healthcare and e-commerce
- Integrated REST APIs such as Google Maps, Google Analytics, PayPal,
Facebook
- Met with clients to access needs, determine site specifications, answer
technical questions and provide in-person instruction on CMS administration
Education
Moscow Technology Institute. (UNESCO)
Bachelor's degree, Software Development Technologies · (2015 - 2019)
SGAU
Economics and management of enterprises · (2004 - 2006)
Stanford University
Computer Science · (2014 - 2014)
Page 4 of 4
