Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/nehaamin
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Java
SQL
HTML
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Marathi (Full Professional)
Tulu (Limited Working)
Neha A.
Lead Software Developer at Perficient
Greater Boston Area
Summary
Software Engineer with through hands-on experience across various
technology stacks. Strong engineering professional skilled in J2SE,
J2EE and various Java frameworks. Supportive and enthusiastic
team player dedicated to streamlining and efficiently resolving project
issues. Willing to take ownership of core components.
Experience
Perficient Inc.
Lead Software Developer
May 2011 - Present (8 years 11 months)
Passionate and accomplished professional with more than 5 years of
experience in design, development, and implementation of Supply Chain
Management. My core expertise are J2SE and JEE application design,
development and implementation. I am also experienced with AngularJS,
Maven, REST Web Service and SQL.
I love working in a collaborative, agile, inter-disciplinary environments that
stimulate my technical skills.
Technical Skills:
• IBM Sterling Order Management
• Adobe Experience Manager 6.1
• Object-Oriented Java, J2EE
• J2EE Technologies: Servlets, MVC, JSP
• Database: MySQL, Oracle XE
• SDLC: Scrum, Agile, WaterFall
• SCM: Git, SVN
• XML, XSL, WSDL, SOAP, HTML, CSS.
Experience:
-Developed clean & scalable code in Java for Data migration, Catalog
Management, and Inventory management modules.
-Designed and Developed Promotions using WSDL and JAVA.
Page 1 of 2
-Designed and Developed FedEx, Vertex Tax integration in JAVA.
-Designed order creation APIs using web services.
-Customized database tables according to requirements using XML scripts for
Database.
-Subject Matter Expertise in Distributed Order Management, Catalog
Management, Inventory Management, Pricing, and Promotions.
-Worked on UI development using HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery and CSS by
following the corporate standards.
-Strong knowledge and experience in using Agile Scrum development
methodologies to plan, develop and release products and features.
Penn State University
IT Support Technician
March 2010 - May 2011 (1 year 3 months)
Assisting End-Users with Software related issues. Install and update software
in labs.
Ensure that the systems are free from bugs and viruses.
Education
Penn State University
Bachelor's degree, Information Science and Business · (2007 - 2011)
Page 2 of 2
