Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
poonamchawla2010 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Databases
Program Management
SQL
Poonam Chawla
Software Engineer at Google
Natick, Massachusetts
Experience
Google
Software Engineer
August 2016 - Present (3 years 7 months)
The MathWorks
Software Developer
January 2013 - Present (7 years 2 months)
Natick, MA
Member of MATLAB Enterprise Deployment team, currently working on the
product MATLAB
Production Server (MPS) to provide deployment solutions for MATLAB based
applications in a
client-server environment to solve important issues like scalability and
reliability. Working to provide solutions to Java, .NET, Python and Excel
clients.
• Currently working on adding support for an Asynchronous Client API for
the Java MPS Client. The API provides Future-based results and a listener
interface for status updates. The internal
implementation must keep state for every outstanding request on multiple
server instances and
update them as the request state changes on the server.
• Designed and implemented an API, in Java and C#, that allows users to
dynamically invoke
MATLAB functions deployed on the server. This required a full refactoring of
the existing client
code for both languages.
• Designed and implemented the Python MLArray, a multi-dimensional array
implementation for
Python that could be serialized/deserialized to/from MATLAB. This is a core
component of the
MATLAB Python interface which is used by multiple teams inside MathWorks.
Page 1 of 4
• Designed and implemented the Python Client and user-facing API for the
MATLAB Production
Server. Users can now call MATLAB functions deployed on the production
server from Python.
The client is responsible for encoding/decoding between Python and MATLAB
data structures;
providing access to MATLAB functions available on the server; and interacting
with the server
through a RESTful API.
• Worked on data conversion library for marshaling non scalar data between
MATLAB types and
types supported by other languages like Java, C# and Excel, using Google
Protocol Buffers for data serialization.
Mathworks
Application Support Engineer
2011 - 2012 (1 year)
• Worked as part of Engineering and Development Group providing instant
technical feedback and help to our many customers.
• Effectively communicated customer's feedback to our development teams in
order to enhance our products based on their requirements.
• Provided escalated technical support to other team members, and actively
contributed to our knowledge database for up-to-date customer information
and solution.
University of Delaware
2 years
Research Assistant
June 2010 - December 2010 (7 months)
• Worked on Automatic Comment Generation for MPI (Message Passing
Interface) Programs
• Designed software tool to overcome the lack of human-written summary
comments within
developed software applications and provide a check mechanism against
obsolete comments
Page 2 of 4
Graduate Assistant
January 2009 - December 2010 (2 years)
• Obtained, documented, and processed prospective students data
• Established and maintained interpersonal relationship with overseas agents
and students
• Improved process and service time for efficiency
• Maintained inter department communication on individual application status
Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd.
System Engineer
October 2006 - December 2008 (2 years 3 months)
I led the design and maintenance of the network based inventory database
for Arcor AG &amp; Co. KG, Germany’s second largest telecom operator,
renamed to Vodafone AG &amp; Co. KG on 8/1/2009.
Tool: Cramer6 OSS Suite, TOAD
Cramer Components : Resource Manager, Task Engine, Interfaces.
Configurator and Database
• Device Modeling : Circuit Type, Port Type, Location Type, Service
type etc.using configurator.
• Build an Oracle Database for storing, retrieving and displaying
information about networks.
• Create hierarchal dependencies between equipments and services.
System Requirements/Design Specifications
• Analyze the function specifications for change requests.
• Diagnose the compatibility issues.
• Prepare a low level design document to be used by the
other project resources.
Cramer Development : PL/SQL and JAVA
• Customize Cramer modules.
• Implement change requests.
• Develop Task Engine : Network Process Automation.
Software Quality
Page 3 of 4
• Develop test conditions and expected results based on the requirements.
• Confirm requirements coverage for the test cases developed by other
resources.
• Execute test cases, Log and communicate test results. Verify defect
resolution.
Software Management
• Manage the daily build and resolve various build/deployment
issues.
• Maintain issue tracking and bug reporting for various modules.
• Ensure the quality of the deliverables by categorizing the bug
reports
depending upon the priority.
Project Documentation
• Review project deliverables for completeness and quality, and compliance
with established project standards.
• Peer review work done by other team members.
• Assist in producing documentation required for deliverables.
Leadership/Project Management:
• I led up to 5 members of my team to perform change requests and
testing.
• Conducted Orientation sessions for the new associates of the
project.
Education
University of Delaware
M.S, Computer Science · (2009 - 2010)
Page 4 of 4
