Contact
raginimalhotra08@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/ragini-
malhotra-336635117 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Project Management
C++
Python
Languages
Punjabi (Full Professional)
English (Full Professional)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Honors-Awards
International Master’s by
Coursework Scholarship
Graduate Aptitude Test In
Engineering (GATE)
Merit Award
TechnoShockers Award
Recognition Award
Ragini Malhotra
Software Developer at Verser Technology Lifecycles
Sydney, Australia
Summary
A result oriented, proactive, diligent professional with 3+ years of
experience and B-tech degree in Electronics and Communication
and Master in Software Engineering. I aspire to obtain a challenging
position in an environment that will allow for growth, recognition, and
opportunities to develop and innovate latest technology.
Key Competencies: Technical Excellence, Customer Focus,
Strategic Thinking, Quick Learning, Analytical Problem Solving,
Cross Boundary Collaboration, Never Give Up Attitude
Experience
Verser Technology Lifecycles
Software Developer
April 2018 - Present (1 year 11 months)
Sydney, Australia
-Involved in coding and testing software based upon software specifications
and design.
-Building admin and internal interfaces for different services and different level
of users.
-Design, install, create and maintained databases(SQL) and database system
applications for efficiency and performance.
-Demonstrated expertise in designing, developing and deploying Business
Intelligence solutions using SSRS, SSIS and SSAS.
-Used Power BI for developing reports, data marts, KPI’s and charts.
-Developed Webforms using .NET, C#, MVC and Razor.
-Incorporating all best practices including Agile(Scrum), Continuous Integration
and Deployment and Test Driven Development .
-Ability to work on multiple tasks and projects efficiently
-Ability to prioritize tasks based on requirement and urgency
Huon Contractors Pty Ltd
Software Engineer
December 2016 - March 2017 (4 months)
Page 1 of 2
Canberra, Australia
-Worked within the quality assurance division, and supporting a large team.
-Responsible for a wide range of challenging tasks, including in-depth research
on quality assurance of an online tool for the company.
-Perform development tasks on new and existing application.
-Providing assistance to technical partners on software solution design with a
strong focus on Microsoft technologies.
-Working in complex technical environments resolving issues and providing
solutions to customers.
-Investigating IT-related problems and writing knowledge articles with technical
information for internal users.
-Researching problems with unknown solutions and designing solutions.
Vision Institute of Competitions
Teaching Assistant
June 2015 - February 2016 (9 months)
India
Actively worked and contributed in delivering lectures of mathematics and
physics to students of year 11 and year 12 for their National level Medical and
Non-medical Entrance Examinations. Also, reviewed study notes and revision
guides prior to examination period.
Connect Broadband
Software Engineer
June 2014 - November 2014 (6 months)
Jalandhar Area, India
Education
The University of Western Australia
Master of Professional Engineering, Software Engineering · (2016 - 2018)
DAV Institute of Engineering and Technology
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.), Electronics and Communications
Engineering · (2011 - 2015)
St. Joseph's Convent School,India
· (1997 - 2009)
Page 2 of 2
