Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ishwant
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Agile Methodologies
Data Structures
Software Design
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Punjabi ( Regional ) (Full
Professional)
Certifications
Exam 532: Developing Microsoft
Azure Solutions
Oracle Certified Professional, Java
SE 6 Programmer
Ishwant Kaur
Software Developer at Microsoft
Greater Seattle Area
Summary
I am an ambitious and responsible worker, and am open to new
challenges. I am self motivated and a good team player. My curiosity
in trying to understand why programs worked in a certain way, got
me into coding. I love the combination of creative and problem-
solving skills I get to use when writing code.
I am currently working as a software developer in Microsoft
(Universal Store). I worked in Commercehub for 2 years after
graduating from Seattle University with a Masters degree in
Computer Science (GPA 3.81).
Experience
Microsoft
Software Developer
April 2018 - Present (1 year 11 months)
Redmond, Washington
CommerceHub
Software Engineer
May 2016 - April 2018 (2 years)
Greater Seattle Area
Worked extensively as Software Engineer on SaaS platforms like Amazon,
Walmart, eBay and Jet, experience include,
- Implement new channel feeds for marketplaces by developing RESTful api,
programming stored procedures using TSQL and monitoring integration tests
on end to end path.
- Facilitate data manipulation for merchants using MSSQL.
- Collaborate with the team to enhance our customer experience.
- Plan and make requirement analysis for the upcoming features.
- Design and develop frameworks, tools, tests and reviewing peer code.
- Find/Fix bugs in product/test code.
Page 1 of 2
Microsoft
Software Engineer
August 2013 - July 2015 (2 years)
Redmond, WA
- Operated the migration of SharePoint 2010 On-Premise sites to SharePoint
2013 in the Azure (cloud).
- Tested UI features of migrated sites.
- Programmed PowerShell scripts to automate the migration process.
- Deployed SharePoint environments using Hyper-V and SQL servers.
- Developed scripts to automate the deployment of SharePoint farms.
- Handled configuration of SQL databases.
- Learned new tools and technologies and got an insight into the professional
work environment
Idea Cellular Ltd
Switch Engineer
June 2011 - December 2011 (7 months)
Mohali, Punjabi, India
- Tested and debugged new switching centers.
- Analyzed performance indices like ASR, Blocking rate etc.
- Created databases for new centers.
- Handled issues related to call flows.
- Day to day system maintenance and activities like debugging issues,
escalating issues, communicating between different teams etc.
- Suggested measures to improve ASR and reduce blockage.
- Learned new tools and technologies and got an insight into the professional
work environment
Education
Seattle University
Master’s Degree, Computer Science · (2013 - 2016)
DAV Institute of Engineering and Technology
Engineer’s Degree, Electronics and Communications
Engineering · (2008 - 2012)
Swami Sant Dass Public School
High School, Physics Chemistry and Mathematics · (2008)
Page 2 of 2
