Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/elizabeth-
uselton-17a3994a (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Python
Ruby on Rails
Ruby
Elizabeth Uselton
Software Engineer at Rover.com
Greater Seattle Area
Summary
A lot: Python, Django.
Some: Ruby, Rails, Javascript.
A little: React, Erlang, Golang, Elasticsearch.
Experience
Rover.com
Software Engineer
January 2018 - Present (2 years 2 months)
Greater Seattle Area
I pet cute animals and program Python.
- As subject matter expert on Pay-ins, Payouts, and Financial Subledger areas
of the code base, I guide designs, review implementation plans, and do code
reviews for engineers working in payments and finance space.
- Designed and headed implementation for payout system expansion for new
payment processor and the ability to process payments in European markets.
Project was delivered on time to a tight deadline and with zero rollbacks.
- Implemented reworking of credit card processor integration for PCI
compliance.
- Designed and built software determining the company’s tax liability.
- Built extensions to our in house financial subledger allowing us to accurately
record European revenue and liabilities.
- Implemented integration with Stripe, refactored integration with Braintree and
Paypal.
- First six months on the Growth team, doing 3rd party referral integrations and
A/B testing to increase user conversion rate.
Chef Software
Software Engineer
January 2017 - December 2017 (1 year)
Greater Seattle Area
Page 1 of 3
I worked on a rewrite of Chef’s Automate software, a dashboard displaying
information on node health. Learned Golang and Erlang for an API which
communicates to the Angular front end or any external clients using a RESTful
API, then uses gRPC to route messages between a number of services
before saving them in elasticsearch. My biggest contributions have been to
the gateway service’s RESTful endpoints, the ingestion and data retrieval
services’ gRPC endpoints, and elasticsearch searches, index creation, and
data insertion.
EnergySavvy
Software Engineer
October 2014 - January 2017 (2 years 4 months)
Greater Seattle Area
I worked on EnergySavvy's client engineering team, building large scale
Django web applications and custom features for individual clients.
In this role I launched a successful major implementation of our workflow
management software which required extensive custom business logic
work to meet the client's unusual needs. Serving as the technical lead for
this project, I took end to end responsibility for this project from design to
launch, coordinating multiple other developers' contributions to the project and
mentoring junior developers. Pioneering our team's now common practice of
using React for better UI in a major custom feature, I unlocked high customer
satisfaction on the feature. I programmed ambitious features making this
product our most flexible, data driven workflow program to date.
Dell EMC
Software Developer Intern
May 2014 - October 2014 (6 months)
Greater Seattle Area
I worked on the post release engineering team, using Python and a variety of
science libraries for to identify heuristics about our product through machine
learning. I also refactored our Python parsers bringing them up to 100% test
coverage, reducing complexity, and getting 10/10 Pylint scores.
Ada Developers Academy
Student
October 2013 - October 2014 (1 year 1 month)
Seattle, WA
Page 2 of 3
50-60 hours a week of work learning full stack web development, including
Ruby, Rails, HTML, CSS, Sinatra, Javascript. I worked on small teams to
create an ecommerce site, a feed aggregator, a calendar scheduling app,
SaaS projects, RESTful APIs, data scrapers, bots, among other things.
Education
University of California, Santa Cruz
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), Theater Arts - Production Management, Playwriting
Seattle Central Community College
Math and Computer Science
Page 3 of 3
