Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/stacy-
gallagher-a2555359 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
ASP.NET MVC
C#
Microsoft SQL Server
Stacy Gallagher
Senior Software Developer at Applied Information Sciences
Washington, District Of Columbia
Experience
Applied Information Sciences
Senior Software Developer
September 2014 - Present (5 years 6 months)
Senior software consultant working on customer-facing enterprise project
for a large insurance company. My responsibilities include developing front-
end functionality utilizing Knockout viewmodels, components, extensions,
and templates. Additionally, I write CSS to accommodate responsive design
and to improve user experience. I also act as a front-end mentor to fellow
developers and participate in code reviews to ensure consistency and quality.
I have also participated in the development of a greenfield project consuming
the capabilities of a custom IBM Watson implementation. My responsibilities
included documenting server topology, creating RAML files, mocking backend
services, and developing APIs for enterprise big data project.
Click Here
Senior Software Developer
August 2011 - August 2014 (3 years 1 month)
Click Here is the digital arm of the largest independently owned advertising
agency in the country. Click Here is responsible for producing cutting edge
web experiences for some of the agency’s biggest clients.
• Utilize and customize AngularJS components of Umbraco CMS to create
customer facing website for regional Texas bank.
• Develop custom user controls and database structures to implement a
complicated creative design in a Kentico 6 CMS for the new Central Market
website.
• Redesign and develop SQL data structures for existing recipe database.
Write scripts to import, clean, and redistribute data elements to new
normalized data structures. Develop a web service using RESTful asp.net Web
API to return recipe data via JSON to iPhone app.
• Develop MVC 3 application for GoRVing coalition lead generation and
reporting system utilizing Entity Framework 4 with POCO classes, custom
repositories and mappers, a custom security module, and views using the
Razor view engine.
Page 1 of 4
• Develop RESTful API to allow public facing lead generation forms to interact
with database and manage subscription details in ExactTarget.
• Utilize and manage various agile methodology concepts to organize multiple
projects with many groups involved to deliver applications on short timelines.
• Participate in senior developer leadership and mentoring group responsible
for establishing best practices and developing tutorials for technical and non-
technical agency members.
• Continue to study and learn new trends in technology and determine best
practices for agency Microsoft projects. Currently learning F# and NoSQL.
Texas Education Agency
6 years 3 months
Team Lead, Developer/Analyst - ISAM-Enhanced Project
June 2008 - May 2011 (3 years)
The ISAM-Enhanced application allows public school districts and campuses
to interact with the Division of Program Monitoring and Interventions regarding
intervention-related activities due to certain performance concerns and/or data
anomalies. Districts may download and upload interactive PDF templates to
assist in focused data analysis and to report findings and corrective action
plans, post questions to internal agency reviewers, and view information
regarding the status of the intervention review process.
• Lead extensive requirements gathering sessions with division subject matter
experts.
• Allocate project resources and establish timelines; lead informal Agile
development lifecycles to maximize resources and deliver functionality on time.
• Participated in complex database design based on standards and
normalization principles.
• Lead efforts to establish best practices for first MVC project at the agency.
• Developed IOC container infrastructure using StructureMap.
• Lead development of reusable business components using C# generics,
design patterns and design principles.
• Implemented two-way data binding against business objects using
NHibernate, MVC custom model binding, and custom mapper classes.
• Develop JQuery-driven lookup tools, upload functionality, and interactive
datagrids within MVC framework.
• Implement attribute-driven object validation using Castle Validator
Component.
• Incorporate Test-Driven Design (TDD) when possible using NUnit, Rhino
Mocks.
Page 2 of 4
• Run security app scans using Vericode and remediate security vulnerabilities.
Lead Developer/Analyst - ISAM Project
September 2006 - June 2008 (1 year 10 months)
ISAM was a secure, external website that allowed public school districts
to view intervention staging information that was managed in a separate
web application. Additionally, the application allowed districts to upload
intervention-related documents to an agency network server.
• Designed and developed 3-tier object-oriented ASP.NET application involving
C# business and data components, server controls, user controls, and
ADO.NET to access data residing in SQL Server 2005 database.
• Promoted reusability by creating a page base class, site-wide user controls,
and a flexible data access component.
• Created triggers, views, and stored procedures.
• Developed and consumed XML web service to retrieve data from disparate
data sources.
• Participated in the development of an XML validation engine used to validate
user input.
• Designed and implemented custom event handlers and delegates.
• Coordinated multiple software development life cycles from requirements
analysis to roll-out, implementation, and production support.
Lead Developer/Analyst - pmiTracker Project
March 2005 - February 2007 (2 years)
pmiTracker was an internal web application that managed district staging
information and review outcomes. The application allowed internal agency
reviewers to enter and track special education and other federal program
noncompliance and update review status information.
• Gathered business requirements, performed analysis, and interacted with
management and users.
• Developed database design based on agency standards and normalization
principles.
• Designed system architecture and generated design documentation.
• Designed and developed custom control library.
• Created triggers, views, and stored procedures.
• Generated template letters using WordML, XML schemas, and XPath.
• Wrote test cases and coordinated multiple user testing cycles.
Page 3 of 4
Education
The University of Texas at Austin
Bachelor's degree, English Language and Literature, General · (1992 - 1996)
University of Texas
Bachelor of Arts (BA)
Page 4 of 4
