Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/blondiebytes
(LinkedIn)
bit.ly (Other)
blondiebytes.github.io (Personal)
medium.com/@blondiebytes
(Other)
Top Skills
Java
Scheme
Python
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
French (Limited Working)
Spanish (Limited Working)
Certifications
Learning Terraform
Learning Amazon Web Services
(AWS) for Developers
Honors-Awards
Target Case Study 1st Place Winner
| Wishbone Chatbot
Quip Diversity Scholarship
Target Diversity Leadership
Symposium Scholar
Tapia 2016 Scholarship
NCWIT Collegiate Award (Honorable
Mention)
Kathryn Hodge
Software Developer at Comcast NBCUniversal
Greater Philadelphia Area
Summary
Kathryn Hodge works with Comcast NBCUniversal as a Software
Developer in the MediaTech program.
She also runs a YouTube channel that has technical programming
tutorials for people wanting to learn how to code. In 2016, she
launched a 30 Days of Code initiative with HackerRank, a start-up
that creates coding challenges and created thirty videos with topics
ranging from variables to data structures all the way up to testing
code. Each video had a HackerRank challenge associated with it
and the series continues to be featured on the HackerRank website
with over 5 million code submissions to date and over 2 million views
on her channel.
Before coming to NBCUniversal, she worked for three years as a
computer science teaching assistant and created a course on Python
3 Standard Libraries for Lynda.com. She is very interested in the
intersection of media, entertainment, and technology and is focused
on building software that creates immersive experiences for viewers.
Experience
Comcast NBCUniversal
3 years 10 months
Software Developer II, xFi Platform Peace of Mind (Parental Controls)
August 2019 - Present (7 months)
Greater Philadelphia Area
- Migrated our cloud infrastructure from Open Stack to AWS to make our API
more scalable and reliable.
- Migrated our build-and-deploy pipeline from Jenkins to Concourse to make
our deployments more seamless.
Cyber Security Analyst in Identity and Access Management (MediaTech
Associate)
November 2018 - August 2019 (10 months)
Page 1 of 7
Universal City, CA
- Designed and developed an internal visualization dashboard for
CyberSecurity to monitor service, downtime, and impact for PAM, IDM,
Authentication, and Directory services.
- Revamped the design and integration of the internal Single Sign On pages
used across all of NBCUniversal.
Project Manager in Emerging Technology (MediaTech Associate)
March 2018 - November 2018 (9 months)
New York, NY
- Investigated, tested, and integrated the YouTube Player as an alternative
player for our cable brands (Syfy, E!, Bravo, etc).
- Created a Digital Footprint system that encapsulates vendors NBCUniversal
uses in order to encourage communication between the brands, consolidate
vendors, and help the sourcing team negotiate more cost-effective vendor
contracts.
- Developed augmented reality features for Universal Hollywood’s Halloween
Horror Nights 2018 app.
- Built a Java automation tool for leadership that makes employee directory
data more accessible.
- Pitched, developed, and initiated a new process for recruiting and
interviewing candidates for the NBCUniversal Media Tech software
development internship and associate programs.
Software Developer in Emerging Technology (MediaTech Associate)
January 2017 - March 2018 (1 year 3 months)
Englewood Cliffs, NJ
- Developed and produced entertaining and informative public-facing products
for Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa.
- Spearheaded the installation of the Immersive Lab in 30 Rock, designing and
developing several VR/AR experiences.
- Led development of a system that uses machine learning and NFC tags to
produce more accurate wait times for Parks.
- Built VR/AR prototypes for confidential projects with Universal Creative and
Entertainment teams at Parks.
- Scripted, coordinated, and led technology tours for NBCUniversal Ad Sales
clients at the CES 2018.
- Collaborated with NBC Sports’ Winter Olympics production teams on several
projects including the development of the capture-stitch-composite-distribution
pipeline for 360 Video content. Also worked in partnership with CNBC‘s Secret
Lives of the Super Rich and Adventure Capitalist.
Page 2 of 7
- Managed ground-up development of several Media Labs initiatives and led
daily stand-ups.
- Served as a key contributor in several NBCUniversal internal and external
hackathons, including but not limited to, mentoring, organizing, and
participating.
Software Developer Intern in Emerging Technology (MediaTech Intern)
May 2016 - January 2017 (9 months)
Englewood Cliffs, NJ
- Worked with machine learning and bots to create a prototype content delivery
application with NBCU content as a part of Operations and Technology.
- Consulted and evaluated different vendors that help automate processes at
NBC News.
- Developed an add-on that will help merge NBCUniversal content into
messaging applications.
LinkedIn
Author
August 2016 - Present (3 years 7 months)
Making effective and engaging online training content for beginner to
advanced programmers.
Courses:
- Learning Java
- Learning the Python 3 Standard Library
- Nail Your Java Interview
- Programming Foundations: Data Structures
- Debugging in C#
- Getting Started with Technology: Think Like an Engineer
- First Look: Java 10 and Java 11
YouTube
Content Creator
June 2015 - Present (4 years 9 months)
New York, NY
Creating, filming, editing, and uploading programming tutorials onto the
blondiebytes YouTube Channel. Past projects include a "Code in 5" series,
command line tutorials along with a 30 Days of Code series designed
specifically for people with no programming experience that want to learn how
to code. (http://bit.ly/1NbxNzV)
Page 3 of 7
30,000+ subscribers
85,000+ views a month
2.5 million+ lifetime views
Girls Who Code
Girls Who Code Instructor at Twitter HQ
May 2019 - August 2019 (4 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
- Led instruction and effectively maintained an exciting, engaging and
accessible classroom environment for a highly diverse group of 20 high school
girls.
- Managed and assessed students’ progress in and proficiency of hard and
soft computer science skills (includes administering program evaluations to
assess student’s understanding).
- Managed 2 Teaching Assistants (TA) who served as support in classroom
management, lesson delivery, logistical tasks, equipment management, etc.
- Supported the growth and development of Girls Who Code relationships with
important partners by serving as a representative of the organization during all
program activities including guest speaker and partner visits to the classroom,
field trips, and on-site learning opportunities
- Effectively addressed students’ challenges and questions to ensure that all
students are engaged and demonstrating understanding of course material
- Communicated regularly and effectively with all Girls Who Code staff
throughout the duration of the program
- Counseled students, as needed or requested, with maturity and appropriate
discretion
- Interfaced with student families, if necessary, in a professional manner and
following proper protocol
The Programmer Toolbox
Founder and Co-Host of The Programmer Toolbox
March 2018 - February 2019 (1 year)
New York, NY
A podcast hosted by Kathryn Hodge and Robyn Silber that aims to introduce
others to coding and start more conversations around different topics in
technology. Available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Tunein, Google Podcasts,
and Stitcher.
Check our Medium where we post show notes, https://medium.com/
@theprogrammertoolbox
Page 4 of 7
Follow us on Instagram, @theprogrammertoolbox.
Follow us on Twitter, @theprogrammert
Highbrow Inc.
Author
February 2018 - March 2018 (2 months)
Created a Python Basics (premium) email course with Highbrow.
https://gohighbrow.com/portfolio/python-basics/
Codecademy
Codecademy Pro Advisor
April 2016 - January 2017 (10 months)
- Worked as an online advisor for up to 30 hours per week.
- Chatted with students regularly to help define student goals, review coding
topics one-on-one, and guide students to additional resources available to
deepen learning capacity.
- Helped students debug code and pass tricky exercises, motivated students,
and worked with fellow advisors to support and track student progress.
Adobe
Adobe Student Representative
January 2016 - December 2016 (1 year)
Poughkeepsie, NY
- Responsible for planning, promoting and executing at least one product
training workshop each semester
- Amplified program activity through word-of-mouth and social media
- Developed relationships and partnerships with relevant student organizations
who might benefit from a free trial of Adobe Creative Cloud and/or hands-on
product training.
Vassar College
3 years
Computer Science Teaching Assistant
January 2014 - December 2016 (3 years)
Poughkeepsie, NY
- Worked one-on-one with students during weekly computer laboratories
as well as in office hours to answer specific questions on assignments and
elaborate on broad topics, such as algorithms and data structures.
- Assisted supervising professors in other course-related work.
Page 5 of 7
Game Design Research Assistant
May 2015 - September 2015 (5 months)
Poughkeepsie, NY
- Researched how game designers can create optimally interesting role-
playing games using game trees and a method called Adversary Search.
- Created a game that implements this technique where the Drama Manager
of the game guides the player towards more interesting and satisfying endings
without forcing the player towards one single end game.
Yik Yak, Inc.
Mobile Application Campus Representative
August 2015 - May 2016 (10 months)
Poughkeepsie, NY
- Encouraged students to download the Yik Yak application through
merchandising events and other creative strategies.
- Facilitated open conversation between Yik Yak HQ and the Vassar
community.
- Nurtured an accepting, diverse, and constructive community on Yik Yak.
Square
Code Camp VI Selected Participant
December 2015 - January 2016 (2 months)
San Francisco, CA
- Selected out of 600+ applicants to participate in a five-day immersion
program at Square's San Francisco headquarters.
- Attended coding workshops and leadership sessions, participated in a
hackathon, and toured San Francisco—all while surrounded by women
engineers from across the U.S. and Canada.
KennyEdit
Production Intern
May 2014 - August 2014 (4 months)
Houston, TX
- Assisted as needed in the production department.
- Worked with green screens, jib arms, and teleprompters in developing
marketing material for Vision Source. Edited promotional content for Alley
Theatre.
- Filmed charity events along with other documentary material.
Acorn Systems
Marketing Intern
Page 6 of 7
June 2013 - August 2013 (3 months)
Houston, TX
- Assisted as needed in the marketing department.
- Created and edited power points for marketing presentations.
- Edited text for articles, whitepapers and website.
Education
Vassar College
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), Computer Science and Film/Cinema/Video
Studies · (2013 - 2016)
Duchesne Academy of the Sacred Heart
N/A · (2009 - 2013)
Page 7 of 7
