Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/leahhoefling
(LinkedIn)
github.com/leahhoefling/ (Portfolio)
leahhoefling.github.io/ (Personal)
Top Skills
Social Media
Public Speaking
Event Planning
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
German (Elementary)
Honors-Awards
Recipient of Trustee Scholarship
University of Virginia: Jefferson Book
Award
College of Business Outstanding
Marketing Student
High Achievement in BSG Project
for Business Policy and Strategy
Capstone Course
Who's Who Among Students
in American Universities and
Colleges®
Publications
Student Experiences with the Syrian
Refugee Migration in Europe
The Walking Guys Return Home
Leah Hoefling
Software Developer at Tennessee Comptroller of the Treasury
Nashville, Tennessee
Summary
In 2016, I was a bright-eyed, recent college grad who had just landed
a Social Media Customer Experience position at one of my dream
companies, Lyft. It was my first step out of the safe nest of college
and internships and into the tech world. During college, I dove deep
into the world of Digital Marketing, learning a variety of skills such
as Public Speaking, Social Media Strategy, Digital Photography,
WordPress, Google Analytics, Facebook Ads, Google Adwords,
Spotify Analytics Strategy, and more. I was excited to take these
skills and put them to use in my role at Lyft.
During my time at Lyft, I was able to learn more of the depths of the
tech industry and the different roles required to make an excellent
product. Because the Social Media Department is on the "front
lines", in my role, I was constantly working with Software Engineers,
Product Managers, Voice of Customer Specialists, and Branding
Managers. After being in constant communication with Engineering
and Product, that side of the tech industry started piquing my interest
because of how much creativity, strategy, and innovation went into
the product.
From then on, I worked to integrate my Social Media role in with
Engineering and Product by adding on additional responsibilities
such as organizing Product Feedback, reporting major bugs
through JIRA, and working with Engineering on the Lyft + Facebook
Messenger integration.
Eventually, I decided to take the exciting leap towards a full-time
role as a Web Developer. I enrolled at Nashville Software School
in the full-time Web Developer Bootcamp in order to gain the skills
necessary to join a development team as a Junior Developer.
After graduating in November 2018, I joined Nashville Software
School as a Junior Instructor, and now I get to pour into the lives of
students who will impact Nashville's tech scene.
Page 1 of 7
Experience
Tennessee Comptroller of the Treasury
Software Developer
March 2020 - Present (1 month)
Nashville, Tennessee
Nashville Software School
1 year 11 months
Junior Instructor
December 2018 - March 2020 (1 year 4 months)
Greater Nashville Area, TN
• 6 months teaching JavaScript, React, and introductory software
development concepts, 6 months teaching C#, .Net Core, and SQL Server,
and 3 months teaching Python, Django, Django REST Framework, and SQLite
• Helped develop and write a new frontend curriculum that provided more
context in the form of narrative to teach beginning students the fundamentals
of HTML, CSS, & JavaScript; saw students grasping the concepts of loops,
conditionals, and modular code at faster paces than the previous curriculum
• Taught a variety of lessons on topics: SQL, fundamentals of JavaScriptand
C#, ERD’s, Github, Debugging, basics of the React Framework, and backend
data structures
• Acted as a product owner/scrum master by teaching Agile Methodologies,
running sprint planning ceremonies, daily standups, clarifying product
requirements, and performing code reviews/retros at the end of each sprint
• Recognized for clear communication, relatable and diplomatic leadership
skills in the classroom and on the Instructional Team, and dedication to
mentoring students through the program
Junior Full Stack Developer
May 2018 - November 2018 (7 months)
Greater Nashville Area, TN
Rigorous full-time software development bootcamp that concentrates on
full stack development essentials and problem solving. The final half of
the program is executed in a simulated company environment with Scrum
methodology.
• Hands on application of OOP fundamentals through group and individual
projects reflecting real world business problems
Page 2 of 7
• Held position as the one group project’s “product manager” to ensure the
following of guidelines, the project was on track, and that the team was
communicating efficiently
• Source code version control with Git/GitHub
• Project management/tracking with Trello and GitHub Projects & Issue
Tracking
• JavaScript fundamentals leveraging DRY, modular, readable code and
reusable components
• Built browser-based single page applications using React, HTML, CSS and
jQuery
• Task Automation with Grunt: Linting with ESLint, module bundling with
Browserify
• Styled applications with CSS Frameworks, Bootstrap and Bulma, and
personally customized design
• Deployed applications through Firebase, GitHub Pages, Heroku and Azure
• Leveraged VirtualBox for virtualizing a Windows environment
• Learned unit testing to write testing suites for code
• Application design through white boarding dependencies and building
ERD’s
• Created and modified database design/content using SQL, ADO.NET, and
ORM tooling, including exposure and experience with migrations
• Created RESTful APIs with C#/.NET using WebAPI
• Leveraged Razor for creating and editing MVC applications
Link to my Front-End project built in ReactJS:
https://github.com/leahgwin/GroupTravelApp
Good Grit Magazine
Contributing Writer
October 2015 - January 2019 (3 years 4 months)
Birmingham, Alabama Area
Freelance writer for Good Grit to have multiple pieces featured in issues.
Assigned topics as well as pitched ideas in meetings with magazine editors. A
few digital versions of pieces are linked below.
Inflammo LLC
Brand Ambassador
March 2017 - May 2018 (1 year 3 months)
Greater Nashville Area, TN
Page 3 of 7
In this role, at this startup company, I wore many hats, which taught me how
to balance a variety of projects at once, as well as teach myself news skills
required to help the company succeed.
Project Management
-A large part of my role at Inflammo involved redoing the company's website
UX and strategy. I managed this project by working with a Web Design agency
to incorporate Inflammo's new branding guide, an inbound marketing strategy,
and new UX. Through this project, I integrated the UX with our new inbound
funnel strategy, and worked on ways the website design could lead visitors to
conversion. I also contributed to writing the copy for the pages of the website,
as well as writing the script and planning the vision for the Animated Explainer
Video.
Marketing and Branding
-The Marketing and Branding side of my role included writing content for the
blog, scheduling social media, growing the business's following on Facebook/
Instagram/ Twitter/ LinkedIn, partnering with other local companies to host
lunch and learns, managing the Google Analytics for our website, producing
email blasts, and planning a strategy for engaging with the Nashville startup
community.
Sales Development and Client Happiness
-I was able to build out the company's first CRM platform. I tracked the
potential clients and current clients through the CRM in order to ensure
organization, consistent communication, and data tracking.
-Planned and executed ways Inflammo could go above and beyond for its
clients, such as baseball games, gifts, cookie deliveries, personalized post
cards, and gifts for company milestones. These strategies helped maintain
retention of the current clients as well as turn them into evangelists for the
business.
Internal Engagement
-Planned multiple outings and get togethers for the employees of Inflammo in
order to build culture and create a close team dynamic.
Country Music Association (CMA)
Marketing Photo Editor
June 2014 - November 2017 (3 years 6 months)
Greater Nashville Area
Page 4 of 7
Hired to work during the CMA festivals and award shows to process, edit,
and select photos to be used for CMA’s social media marketing and website.
Worked efficiently under high pressure and time sensitivity in an active, event-
marketing atmosphere.
Lyft
Social Media Associate
June 2016 - March 2017 (10 months)
Greater Nashville Area, TN
This role represents Lyft’s voice on social media through Facebook,
Twitter, and other platforms. It involves exercising impeccable judgment
as Lyft's representative both internally and to the public. The role works
cross-functionally within Lyft with Partnerships, Product, Marketing, Legal,
Communications, Engineering, Press, and Voice of Customer to ensure a
cohesive voice of support and improve the Lyft product.
Through this role, I was able to support our drivers and passengers with the
use of the app while responding to incoming messages and producing content
for the social channels.
On this team, I also took on additional responsibilities such as planning team
outings, onboarding new Social Media team members, and organizing Product
feedback.
Moon River Music Festival
Social Media Specialist
October 2016 - October 2016 (1 month)
Joined the Moon River Music Festival and Good Time Inc. marketing team
for the week of the festival to participate in producing content for all social
channels. This involved live Instagram and Snapchat stories; content for
Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; and engaging with customers through each
channel.
Universal Music Group
Digital Marketing and Data Analytics Streaming Intern
January 2016 - May 2016 (5 months)
Greater Nashville Area, TN
• Pulled data weekly from Apple Radio to analyze the streaming algorithm
• Took part in the plan and action behind Shawn Mendes reaching 1 billion
streams on Spotify
• Contributed to the branding and strategy behind the global Digster brand
Page 5 of 7
• Found creative ways to connect with playlisters' over social media to grow
Universal's market share
• In-depth competitive research analysis
• Creating Facebook tour ads for US and UK tour legs for clients
• Update Digster/ Universal Music's Spotify playlists each week
Chadwick Cannon Agency
Social Media Marketing Intern
September 2015 - December 2015 (4 months)
Worked in a start-up environment at CCA learning about branding, email, and
inbound marketing approaches. Scheduled social media posts through Buffer,
Facebook, LinkedIn, Pinterest, and Twitter for CCA's clients.
The Walking Guys
Artist Manager and Director of Marketing
May 2015 - November 2015 (7 months)
Managed The Walking Guys band as they physically walked from Portland,
Maine to Nashville, Tennessee. They played over 60 shows along the way
and depended on the hospitality of strangers for many meals, lodging, and
encouragement.
I managed the branding, marketing, public relations, publicity, and day
planning for the group.
-Grew social media channels with advertising and grass roots strategies from 0
following to over 4,000 followers.
-Executed the branding of the name, logo, voice, and style of the band.
-Managed the PR side of the band when working with large sponsorships such
as Swiftwick, Saucony, and Fleet Feet.
-Had constant communication with band on the scheduling of shows, travel,
and day-to-day activities.
Moon River Music Festival
Social Media Strategist
April 2015 - August 2015 (5 months)
-Designed and implemented social media calendars and strategies for
Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, Pinterest, and Spotify to promote a
music festival with 5,000+ attendees.
-Increased ticket sales from previous year by 140%.
-Provided constant customer service leading up to and during the festival
through Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Snapchat.
Page 6 of 7
Good Time Inc
Digital Marketing Intern
January 2015 - August 2015 (8 months)
Worked on all digital marketing elements for clients including: Facebook Ads,
Google Analytics, Bandcamp, Audiam, Spotify, Youtube, MailChimp, Twitter,
Instagram, Snapchat, Pinterest, etc.
Lipscomb University
Admissions Recruiter Assistant to Director of Undergraduate
Admissions
September 2012 - May 2015 (2 years 9 months)
Recruited prospective students from around the world as a tour guide and
student recruiter assistant.
Cross Point Community Church
Intern
January 2013 - May 2013 (5 months)
Interned under Creative department and assisted in all production aspects on
Sunday mornings as well as managing and building social media platforms.
Assisted Missions department with planning, organizing, and preparing Dream
Center campus as well as over 20 mission trips.
Education
Nashville Software School
Web Development · (2018 - 2018)
Lipscomb University
Bachelor's Degree, Digital Marketing and International
Business · (2012 - 2016)
Page 7 of 7
