Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/shreya-
sawant-445a08135 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Java
JavaScript
HTML
Shreya Sawant
Software Engineer at GE Healthcare
New York, New York
Summary
Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in start-
up and non-profit organization management industry. Skilled in Java,
JavaScript, Angular 5, Android, SQL, Php, C, HTML 5, CSS 3 and
Bootstrap. Strong professional with a Master’s Degree focused in
Computer Science from New York Institute of Technology.
Experience
GE Healthcare
Software Engineer
May 2019 - Present (11 months)
Chicago, IL
Sunbird Software
Software Engineer Intern
August 2018 - January 2019 (6 months)
New Jersey
• Working on migrating the application from bower using npm task manager
and Webpack.
• Modularizing and bundling the Angular application and switching the build
tool from Grunt using Webpack.
• Involved in discussions to improve product across teams and ensuring
delivery through all stages of agile development lifecycle and participate in
sprint review cycles.
Girls Inc.
Volunteer Web developer
April 2017 - September 2017 (6 months)
Greater New York City Area
• Designed website for an NGO that empowers and inspires girls by providing
educational programs.
• Designed WordPress themes for the website, developed plugin and
performed Search Engine Optimization.
• Implemented using HTML, CSS, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery.
Page 1 of 2
G10 Consultancy
Software Developer Intern
June 2017 - August 2017 (3 months)
Mumbai Area, India
• Developed an Android app that involved parsing the JSON data into readable
format.
• Worked with web APIs / server-side scripting and handled Python API’s in
real time.
• Maintained user sessions using cookies via different HTTP headers.
• Worked with threads using AsyncTask and involved in discussions to improve
product across teams and ensured delivery through all stages of development
lifecycle.
Education
New York Institute of Technology
Master’s Degree, Computer Science · (2016 - 2018)
St. Francis Institute Of Technology
Bachelor’s Degree, Computer Engineering · (2012 - 2016)
Page 2 of 2
