Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/nicole-
maguire-3a2314104 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Java
Programming
Software Engineering
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Honors-Awards
James Madison University Dean's
List
James Madison University
Scholarship to Attend the Grace
Hopper Celebration for Women in
Computing
Nicole Maguire
Software Engineer at Facebook
Menlo Park, California
Summary
I am currently a backend engineer at Facebook. I previously worked
as an iOS engineer at Facebook. I graduated May 2018. I have
previous experience as a software engineer in aeronautics for NASA,
a mobile developer for Instagram/Facebook, and experience as
an iOS developer at Apple. I am interested in mobile development,
wearable technology, and robotics.
Experience
Facebook
Software Engineer
May 2018 - Present (1 year 10 months)
Menlo Park, California
iOS engineer working on the Youth team. Previously worked on a growth
team within youth. Worked on rapid prototyping of iOS apps for research
developments. Led the team to get an app out for research which involved
software development, testing the app, deploying the app, and working with
XFN to get the app to their specifications.
Apple
Software Engineer Internship
May 2017 - August 2017 (4 months)
Cupertino
I worked in Apple’s IS&T as a Software Engineer and iOS Developer. I
created a new iMessage Extension, starting from an empty code base and
building a fully functional app. I developed in Swift and used services like
Core Data, Location Services, and HTTP requests to build the internal layers
of the iMessage Extension. For the User Interface, I designed the app both
programmatically as well as using Xcode’s Interface Builder.
Facebook
Software Engineer Internship
January 2017 - April 2017 (4 months)
Menlo Park, California
Page 1 of 2
Software Engineering intern on the Instagram growth team. I worked as an
iOS engineer for registration, new user experience, and notifications for the
Instagram app. My work duties included writing code, testing code, setting up
experiments, and collaborating with other team members.
James Madison University
Undergraduate Research Assistant
August 2016 - December 2016 (5 months)
Harrisonburg, Virginia
My research focuses on writing a software language for creating circle-packing
algorithms for aperiodic tilings.
NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration
8 months
Software Engineering Intern
May 2016 - August 2016 (4 months)
Kennedy Space Center, Florida
I was competitively selected to return to Kennedy Space Center (KSC) for
a second internship. I enhance and implement new functionality for a user
dashboard for KSC’s firing rooms for the manned space flight program. My
tasks include writing software, debugging, troubleshooting, and validating/
verifying java source code.
Software Engineering Intern
January 2016 - May 2016 (5 months)
Kennedy Space Center, Florida
My main task was to automate software testing. This included unit testing,
verification, and integration, debugging/troubleshooting, implementing and
fixing jUnit tests, executing tests, analyzing automated tests output, and
enhancing an automated test framework. I designed and created a software
called IMPERIO used for image replication and emulation.
Education
James Madison University
Bachelor's degree, Computer Science · (2014 - 2018)
Page 2 of 2
