Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/jasmine-
walters (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
JavaScript
C#
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)
Jasmine Walters
Junior Software Developer at FortyAU
Greater Nashville Area, TN
Summary
I was born in California but moved to Tennessee shortly after and
grew up in the city of Franklin. After graduating from Franklin High
School, I became a certified nursing assistant and started working
in assisted living facilities taking care of the elderly. After two years
working in patient care, I was given an opportunity to do a temporary
data cleanup project for EMR systems. I enjoyed it so much, I
decided to become a business analyst. In my new position, I was
able to engage with many developers and quickly gained interest
in their line of work. After a few years, I decided to go to Nashville
Software School to learn more about web development.
I’ve found I really enjoy solving problems and learning from others.
I’m having fun meeting new people and get excited about discussing
new projects and ideas. I’m always excited to get involved in what
the Nashville tech community is doing.
Experience
FortyAU
Junior Software Developer
December 2019 - Present (4 months)
Nashville Software School
Junior Software Developer
August 2018 - December 2019 (1 year 5 months)
Greater Nashville Area, TN
Intensive software development bootcamp focusing on full stack development
fundamentals and problem
solving. The final half of the program executed in a simulated company
environment with Scrum methodology.
• Experienced hands on application of OOP fundamentals through group and
individual projects reflecting real world business problems
Page 1 of 3
• Used source code version control with Git/GitHub
• Practiced project management/tracking with Github Projects & Issue Tracking
• Learned JavaScript fundamentals leveraging DRY, modular, readable code
and reusable components
• Built browser-based single page applications using React, HTML, CSS and
jQuery
• Task Automation with Webpack: Linting with ESLint and module bundling
• Styled applications with CSS Frameworks, Bootstrap and wrote custom
styles as needed
• Deployed applications through Firebase
• Learned unit testing to write testing suites for code
• Practiced application design through white boarding dependencies and
building ERD’s
• Created and modified database design/content using SQL, ADO.NET, and
ORM tooling, including exposure and experience with migrations
• Created RESTful APIs with C#/.NET using WebAPI
Optum (formerly Alere Wellbeing)
Business Analyst
June 2015 - June 2018 (3 years 1 month)
worked from home
• Operated within teams to assist in managing, enhancing, and supporting
Salesforce EMR systems
• Worked closely with project managers and developers to document
requirements and make technical decisions to fulfill business needs
• Assisted with data management and cleanup by completing data loads and
writing SQL queries
• Manually tested systems to replicate bugs and document them in Rally for
product owners review
• Made modifications to application settings for updates to profile access and
set up new users
• Attended daily Scrum meetings to discuss status updates and attended
Product Owner meetings to demo application issues in Prod
• Communicated effectively to customers, teams, and product owners
regarding system updates and issues
• Provided support for customers having difficulty and needing assistance with
our applications
NHC HEALTHCARE
Certified Nursing Assistant
Page 2 of 3
December 2011 - March 2014 (2 years 4 months)
Franklin and Murfreesboro, TN
• Worked as a CNA in assisted living facilities in Franklin and Murfreesboro.
• Responsible for assisting multiple patients with daily living activities including
transfers, dressing, eating, walking, toileting, bathing, etc.
• Responsible for documenting patients ADLs and informing nurses and family
of changes or concerns.
Education
Nashville Software School
Web Development · (2018 - 2019)
Page 3 of 3
