Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/abby-
benedict-a1393580 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
C#
Java
WPF Development
Abby Benedict
Software Engineer at Wolverine Trading
Chicago, Illinois
Experience
Wolverine Trading
Software Engineer
February 2017 - Present (3 years 2 months)
Greater Chicago Area
Software developer on the Risk Application Development team working on
internal trading applications as well as internal development and release tools
primarily using C#, WPF, and SQL. I work through the entire development
cycle including gathering requirements, designing, developing, testing, and
supporting.
Additional responsibilities include assisting with recruiting by reviewing
resumes, participating in technical interviews, recruiting at college career
fairs, and creating and maintaining an interview scheduling application using
python/django. I am also part of the Women of Wolverine Social group which
includes monthly book clubs, attending Grace Hopper Women in technology
conference, and discussing ways to improve our diversity initiatives
Wolverine Trading
Software Developer Intern
June 2016 - August 2016 (3 months)
I worked on the Risk Application Development team as a software developer
writing internal applications primarily in C# and WPF. I wrote an application to
help manage risk that replaced over 50 python scripts and improved ease of
configuration as well as accuracy and speed.
The Ohio State University
Grader for Foundations 1 Class
January 2016 - May 2016 (5 months)
Columbus, Ohio, United States
Graded for Foundations 1 class which focuses on graphs, trees, algorithms,
and asymptotic analysis
Responsibilities included grading homework and projects, assisting students
with labs, and holding office hours to help students with difficulties while
completing software projects, and holding review sessions as prep for exams.
Page 1 of 3
Battelle
Cyber Co-op
August 2015 - December 2015 (5 months)
Columbus, Ohio Area
Worked on an internal automated testing system to allow developers to quickly
set up complex tests and generate reports of the results to show clients
progress on projects. This system leveraged VMWare technologies to be able
to run tests on multiple configurations at one time, ASP.NET to provide an
interface for users to set up tests and view results, and powershell to interact
with the VMs and run the tests.
Wolverine Trading
Software Developer Intern
June 2015 - August 2015 (3 months)
Greater Chicago Area
I worked on the Risk Application Development team as a software developer
writing internal applications primarily in C# and WPF. I worked with a trader
to implement their research as a C# application to automate changing our
pricing parameters throughout the trading day based on market conditions. I
also redesigned the trading hours database schema and develop a C#/WPF
application to be able to view and edit products' trading hours and holidays.
JPMorgan Chase
Application Developer Intern, Corporate Technology and Risk
June 2014 - May 2015 (1 year)
Columbus, Ohio
Create reporting tools used by managers to better understand their work
allocation and project progress.
The Ohio State University
Grader for Software I
January 2014 - May 2014 (5 months)
Grade students' homeworks and projects, assist students during lab sections,
and hold office hours to help students with difficulties for Ohio State's software
sequence that utilizes Java to teach the fundamentals of software engineering.
Kuttler Machine
Administrative Assistant
May 2013 - August 2013 (4 months)
Minerva, OH
Page 2 of 3
Assisted in the implementation of a new time and attendance system and an
inventory and
maintenance system as well as other administrative tasks.
Education
The Ohio State University
Bachelor of Science (BS), Computer Science and Engineering · (2012 - 2016)
Canton Central Catholic High School
· (2008 - 2012)
Page 3 of 3
