Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/olivia-carnes
(LinkedIn)
github.com (Portfolio)
Top Skills
Data Analysis
Python
Machine Learning
Certifications
Engineer Intern
Olivia Carnes
Data Scientist
Denver, Colorado
Summary
I am a data scientist specializing in NLP and deep learning with
a background in engineering, physics, and the energy industry. I
love uncovering the stories that data has to offer and am stubbornly
persistent in looking for answers. Past projects include process
automation with python, document classification with CNNs and
NLP, and pipeline route optimization with excel and ArcGIS. When
I’m not cozied up with my laptop and an interesting data set, I enjoy
running, cycling, and giving old furniture new life.
Experience
BP
Land Modernization & Data Transformation Scientist
April 2018 - Present (2 years)
Greater Denver Area
BP L48 is the US onshore production branch of British Petroleum. In this
role I'm helping to modernize BP L48's Land and Finance group with both
automation and data science initiatives.
Tallgrass Energy
Assistant Engineer
August 2014 - July 2017 (3 years)
Greater Denver Area
Tallgrass Energy is a natural gas pipeline company with assets spread
across the continental US. The water division, BNN Water Solutions, provides
permanent water infrastructure for clients across multiple industries. As
a member of the BNN team, I was involved in designing, building, and
operating both fresh and produced water infrastructure. My main roles
included optimizing pipeline routes and designs, mapping potential areas of
development by COGCC permit location, and creating and tracking O&M plans
for freshwater and SWD facilities. Being a part of a small team allowed me
to gain additional exposure to functions outside of my job including project
management, materials sourcing, SCADA installation and operation, and
client outreach.
Page 1 of 3
University of Colorado Boulder
Graduate Teaching Assistant
August 2014 - December 2014 (5 months)
Boulder, CO
The graduate level Sustainable Energy Engineering class, taught by Jana
Milford, covered subjects ranging from solar panel installation economics to
ocean thermal energy conversion techniques. In this position I helped grade
student homework and tests, in addition to holding weekly tutoring sessions.
BNN Water Solutions
Summer Intern
June 2014 - August 2014 (3 months)
Greater Denver Area
BNN Water Solutions, acquired by Tallgrass Energy in June 2014, owns and
operates fresh and produced water assets in Colorado, Wyoming, and Texas.
As an intern, my tasks included optimizing pipeline routes using both Matlab
and ArcGIS.
University of Colorado Boulder
GK-12 Fellow
August 2013 - May 2014 (10 months)
Boulder, CO
The GK-12 fellowship, funded by the NSF, aims to place graduate students in
K-12 education settings to help bring STEM into classrooms for all ages. In this
position, I aided in teaching engineering skills to grades 9-12 for Engineering
Design, Computer Science and Software Engineering at Centaurus High
School.
Tulane University
PolyRMC Intern
May 2012 - May 2013 (1 year 1 month)
Greater New Orleans Area
Tulane based PolyRMC focuses on research and development in
polymerization reaction monitoring. As an intern, I created CAD models
for existing equipment, in addition to helping create a heated flow cell for
monitoring time and heat dependent properties of polymer solutions.
Education
Galvanize - Denver, Platte
Page 2 of 3
Data Science Immersive, Data Science · (2017)
University of Colorado Boulder
Master of Engineering - MEng, Mechanical Engineering - Energy & the
Environment · (2013 - 2014)
Tulane University
Bachelor of Science and Engineering (BSE), Engineering
Physics · (2009 - 2013)
Page 3 of 3
