Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ashleyansell
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Software Engineering
Software Development
Objective-C
Ashley Norman, CSM
Software Developer at Data Works Inc
Fairfax, Virginia
Summary
Mrs. Norman is a full stack JavaScript developer, with knowledge
on developing scalable web applications in a fast paced agile
environment. Current tech stack includes Reactjs, Nodejs, Express,
Spring Boot hosted on AWS. Knowledgeable in web design and has
experience with ElasticSearch, Angularjs, and Hadoop, as well as
other web development technologies.
Experience
Data Works Inc
Software Developer
May 2017 - Present (2 years 10 months)
Reston, VA
▪ Designed and developed a screening application using a full stack
JavaScript framework, including React.js, Nodejs, and PostgreSQL.
▪ Formulated and executed new API methods in Nodejs, and develops a
robust unit testing suite using Jasmine to test branch and error conditions for
each API method developed.
▪ Applied styling to the web application using Material-UI, Bootstrap, and
various CSS3 techniques.
▪ Maintains production level software packaging using npm and Webpack.
▪ Participates in daily scrums, continuous requirements refinement
discussions, and presents a demonstration of new functionality developed to
the customer at the end of each two week sprint.
▪ Designed and developed new features for a core correlation application,
including introducing a tagging system, developing and displaying relationship
information between records, and updating a complex filtering system used by
various datasets within the application.
▪ Implemented core application updates using React.js front-end development
and Java and Spring Boot middle-tier development.
▪ Collaborated with user engagement, user experience, and test teams
to ensure features were developed to bring the most useful and critical
functionality that the users required.
Page 1 of 4
CSRA Inc
Software Engineer
November 2015 - May 2017 (1 year 7 months)
Chantilly, VA
• Developed a mission critical scheduling web application for the Army. The
system is used across the country by members of the Army, Air Force, and
Marines to ensure all live fire training activities are conducted in a safe and
reliable environment
• Collaborated on an agile team of developers to create functioning software
on a monthly basis that is reviewed and critiqued by the team and the
customer
• Researched, designed, and implemented an architectural change to the
application to allow developers to incorporate unit testing into the development
cycle.
• Developed the web application using C#, .NET, javascript, including the
ArcGIS javascript API’s, python scripting, and SQL
• Lead the Mobile App Development group within the company’s communities
of practice. Lead monthly meetings to discuss mobile application development,
teach fellow employees about mobile development best practices, and
facilitates discussion across the company. Has limited experience in iOS
development, as well as working with the cross-platform development tool,
Sencha Touch
SRA International
3 years 4 months
Software Engineer
July 2013 - November 2015 (2 years 5 months)
Fair Lakes, Virginia
• Developed a mission critical scheduling web application for the Army. The
system is used across the country by members of the Army, Air Force, and
Marines to ensure all live fire training activities are conducted in a safe and
reliable environment
• Collaborated on an agile team of developers to create functioning software
on a monthly basis that is reviewed and critiqued by the team and the
customer
Page 2 of 4
• Researched, designed, and implemented an architectural change to the
application to allow developers to incorporate unit testing into the development
cycle.
• Developed the web application using C#, .NET, javascript, including the
ArcGIS javascript API’s, python scripting, and SQL
• Lead the Mobile App Development group within the company’s communities
of practice. Lead monthly meetings to discuss mobile application development,
teach fellow employees about mobile development best practices, and
facilitates discussion across the company. Has limited experience in iOS
development, as well as working with the cross-platform development tool,
Sencha Touch
Business Analyst
August 2012 - July 2013 (1 year)
Fair Lakes, Virginia
• Collaborated with many people through the company to develop high quality
proposals for the government on a variety of topics, including health and
defense focused proposals
• Contributed to all aspects of proposals focusing on Veterans Affairs, including
technical, management, level of effort, and graphics support
• Developed detailed graphics for several proposals using both MS PowerPoint
and MS Visio, as well as open source graphics editors
Ansell, Buffington & Company, CPA, P.C.
Accountant
2009 - 2012 (3 years)
• Developed the company website using a combination of HTML and CSS
• Analyzed bank and transaction information for Chapter 13 and Chapter 12
Trustees and prepared monthly reports, as well as bank reconciliations and
proof of cash
• Used Quickbooks and MS Excel to record and analyze trust and expense
information for United States Trustees
Williamsville Planetarium
Digital Sky Programmer
July 2007 - August 2009 (2 years 2 months)
Page 3 of 4
Education
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Computer Engineering · (2008 - 2012)
Page 4 of 4
