Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/miraholford
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Java
Python
Public Speaking
Mira H.
Software Engineer at Google
Oakton, Virginia
Experience
Google
Software Engineer
August 2018 - Present (1 year 7 months)
New York, New York
Google
Software Engineering Intern
May 2017 - August 2017 (4 months)
New York, New York
Developed workflow to aggregate, analyze, and visualize information about
edits to Google Maps. System quantifies information relating to flow of edits
and sends alerts upon significant changes in flow.
Worked on both back-end and front-end of an application (primarily Java)
used to debug issues in edit resolution. Implemented features to surface new
information and graph data over time.
Google
Engineering Practicum Intern
May 2016 - August 2016 (4 months)
Seattle, WA
Designed and implemented system to aggregate, process, analyze, and output
data relating to Google's Data Centers using Python. Implemented supervised
and unsupervised machine learning algorithms to gain richer understanding of
big data.
NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
Software Engineering Intern
June 2014 - August 2014 (3 months)
Greenbelt, MD
Installed and explored cutting-edge, poorly documented, audio-visualization
software in openSUSE and CentOS. Developed design for novel system in
which 17 nodes driving 15-monitor display was reduced to a single node. Gave
demonstration to NASA scientists and other interns.
Page 1 of 2
National Institute of Standards and Technology
Software Engineering Intern
June 2013 - August 2013 (3 months)
Gaithersburg, MD
Accelerated materials simulations in Python using the FiPy partial differential
equation solver. Worked alongside the two inventors of FiPy and two college
students to predict future behavior of physical phenomena. Profiled code to
locate bottlenecks, then implemented new algorithms and parallelization to
improve performance. Gave poster presentation summarizing findings to NIST
scientists.
Zeta Associates
Software Engineering Intern
June 2012 - August 2012 (3 months)
Fairfax, VA
Supported development of novel geolocation radio system; utilized Matlab
and linear algebra techniques to compute multivariate optimizations and
subsequently determine accuracy of emitter location. Provided field test
technological and logistical support.
Education
University of Virginia
B.S. Computer Science, Minor: Biomedical Engineering · (2014 - 2018)
Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology
Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science · (2010 - 2014)
Page 2 of 2
