Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/julia-friend15
(LinkedIn)
github.com (Personal)
Top Skills
Python
Writing
Object-Oriented Programming
(OOP)
Honors-Awards
Scholastic Art Gold Key
2019 Grace Hopper Celebration
Student Scholarship recipient
Julia Friend
Computer Science Research Assistant
Oberlin, Ohio
Summary
I am a senior at Oberlin College majoring in Computer Science
and English who is excited by intersections between technology
and language. I have a background in machine learning research
and have enjoyed communicating my findings to tech and non-tech
audiences alike. I am currently pursuing full-time industry work as
a software engineer. While I intend to explore different fields, I'm
particularly interested in information retrieval and data mining.
2019 Grace Hopper Celebration Scholar
Experience
Oberlin College Computer Science Department
1 year 2 months
Research Assistant
February 2019 - Present (1 year 2 months)
Oberlin, OH
• Currently developing RESTful web application with Node.js front and back
ends for a GIS task.
• Developed novel solutions for machine learning when predicting rare
outcomes.
• Evaluated k-means clustering techniques for image and sequential data in
Python with Scikit-Learn, running prediction tasks with HPC through Linux;
visualized results with Matplotlib.
Computer Lab Helper
February 2019 - Present (1 year 2 months)
Oberlin, OH
• Mentor students weekly to debug and conceptually understand algorithms in
Python and Java.
Oberlin Student Cooperative Association (OSCA)
Web Development Intern
May 2019 - August 2019 (4 months)
Page 1 of 4
Oberlin College
• Updated Drupal website navigation, themes, and content for non-profit that
supports 600+ students each year. Involved HTML, CSS, MySQL, and Linux.
DIS Game Development Course
Game Developer
September 2018 - December 2018 (4 months)
Copenhagen Area, Capital Region, Denmark
- Designed and implemented 2 computer games with C# using the Unity
Engine: a 2D puzzle platformer and a 3D surreal survival horror game.
- Horror game can be played at: http://dis.benno-lueders.de/2018FallGames/
FinalProjects/Tremor/
- Platformer can be played at: http://dis.benno-
lueders.de/2018FallGames/2DPlatformer/GravityBoi2/
Worcester Polytechnic Institute
Data Science REU Researcher
May 2018 - August 2018 (4 months)
Worcester, MA
• Developed novel neural network architecture in Python to classify sequential
data with missing values and evaluated the model with prediction tasks run on
HPC through Linux.
• Authored a paper accepted to the 2018 MIT Undergraduate Research
Technology Conference comparing predictive accuracy of neural networks
over 2 cell types and 5 input types; validated that models benefit from
determining patterns in missing values.
• Presented scientific poster accepted to the 2018 NSF Symposium for 50+
faculty and guests where it was ranked 1st in presentation quality.
Oberlin College Quantitative Skills Center
Oberlin Workshop and Learning Sessions (OWLS) Leader
February 2018 - May 2018 (4 months)
Oberlin, OH
I design and lead two weekly 1.5 hour review sessions for a Calculus I
course with another OWLS Leader. The sessions use activities, worksheets,
and homework help to review coursework. I attend classes and take notes
alongside the students to inform session planning.
Wilder Voice Literary Magazine
Senior Arts Editor
August 2017 - May 2018 (10 months)
Page 2 of 4
Oberlin, OH
I am the art and layout backbone of Wilder Voice, Oberlin College's long-
form journalism magazine that publishes once a semester. Working closely
with the editors-in-chief and the help of an assistant, I promote the magazine
with posters and collect visual art submissions from students and faculty
throughout the semester. Once the magazine is in layout, I match art pieces to
the journalistic articles and fiction included in the magazine, editing each with
Adobe Photoshop and laying them out using Adobe InDesign.
In addition, I also oversee the Visual Processes section of the magazine in
which we interview 2-3 student artist and publish the edited transcriptions
along with photos of their work. The selection process involves networking
within the art department, and each set of interview questions is personalized
to best represent the work of the artist.
College Academy Summer Program
Art Instructor
May 2016 - July 2017 (1 year 3 months)
Maynard, MA
I developed and taught a visual art course called "It's Sketchy" for a three-
week camp for kids aged 10-14. I created a curriculum based on past versions
of the course, online tutorials, and my own artwork from that age. The
curriculum covered twenty-one 70-minute classes exploring fundamental
art skills and building up to more independent, conceptual projects. Once
camp started, I implemented the course for four periods of ten campers each
day.
Brooklyn New School
Teaching Intern
January 2017 - January 2017 (1 month)
Brooklyn, New York City
I assisted in facilitating a fifth grade classroom as an intern for a month through
Oberlin College's Winter Term. I helped students individually and in small
groups on a variety of projects ranging from math worksheets to a research
paper, monitored students' behavior in their main classroom as well as in their
electives, and I graded homework.
Education
Oberlin College
Page 3 of 4
Bachelor's degree, Computer Science, English (double major) · (2016 - 2020)
Page 4 of 4
