Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/cmrdavie
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Software Development
Web Development
Agile Methodologies
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Spanish (Limited Working)
Catherine Davie
Senior Software Engineer at WEconnect Health
Greater Seattle Area
Summary
I'm a full stack engineer, passionate about developing software
that solves real user problems. I validate my assumptions against
user research, advocate to adapt product plans based on what
we learn from users, maintain high-quality code, and mentor my
fellow teammates to do the same. I regularly question processes
& assumptions (even my own!) to make sure we're adapting as
necessary to achieve our goals.
I am a generalist: in the past 3 years, I've worked on React with
Javascript & Typescript, Angular, Ruby on Rails, C# and ASP.Net
Core, Java and Spring Boot, iOS with Objective-C, Python, and even
a little C++ (all TDD'd).
Solid software engineering principles apply regardless of language or
framework specifics. I care much more about solving user problems,
writing long-term maintainable code, and forming a supportive team
culture than what some specific programming language syntax looks
like.
I care enough about users & solving problems that I'm not above
helping a colleague hack together a useful Excel spreadsheet or a
bash or PHP script, if that's what solves their problem. A full-blown
software product isn't always warranted, even if it's fun to build!
I also care deeply about mentoring & improving my team (including
our business stakeholders). I have seen how transformative it can be
for Engineering & Business to collaborate and feel like they are each
contributing their expertise toward a *shared* goal. I want to help
foster that collaborative, trusting relationship as much as possible.
WHAT I'M LOOKING FOR:
Page 1 of 8
• city of Seattle — I prefer working face-to-face with my colleagues in
a shared office, although I do have plenty of experience collaborating
with remote coworkers too!
• IC rather than manager role — I want to grow as an individual
contributor and mentor my teammates, but I am not interested in
having formal direct reports
• full-time — I'm not interested in contract or part-time work
• competitive salary & benefits
Experience
WEconnect Health Management
Senior Software Engineer
February 2020 - Present (2 months)
Seattle, WA
Ciemarr Software
Independent Software Consultant
January 2020 - Present (3 months)
Seattle, WA
Working on side projects.
Pivotal Labs
3 years 9 months
Staff Software Engineer
April 2016 - December 2019 (3 years 9 months)
Seattle, WA
(KEYWORDS: consulting, mentoring, agile, pair programming, TDD, UCD,
React, Angular, Typescript, Javascript, Ruby, Rails, iOS, Objective-C, C#,
ASP.NET, Python, C++)
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING:
• Designed, developed, refactored, tested, deployed, maintained, and iterated
on software
• Improved code quality, delivery speed & visibility into schedules
• Set up CI/CD pipelines to automate test suites & deployments
Page 2 of 8
• Used a variety of testing strategies — and taught my teams the pros & cons
of each
• Held developers to a high standard while still being pragmatic & kind
PRODUCT:
• Clarified requirements to confusion & re-work
• Provided alternative solutions that were simpler, faster, or more maintainable
than initial ideas
• Contributed UX ideas to improve usability
• Created useful software that real users were excited about, by keeping our
user research at the forefront of everything we built
• Helped prioritize features to get end user feedback quickly
COLLABORATION:
• Encouraged junior developers to grow both their skills & confidence
• Fostered psychological safety & general team kindness & empathy by
demonstrating being vulnerable, direct, kind, encouraging & curious — and
how that can lead to better project outcomes, as well
• Worked closely with developers, designers, PMs, managers & other
stakeholders (in a wide variety of roles and levels of the organization) to keep
expectations aligned and frame our work in terms of a shared goal
• Helped change stakeholder expectations from fixed time/scope feature lists
to a more realistic, transparent, dynamic, and collaborative understanding of
software development
• Helped Engineering & Business see the value in truly collaborating as
partners early & often
• Discussed (and demonstrated!) the benefits of "lowercase a" agile, user-
centered design, and test-driven development from a pragmatic & flexible
perspective
• Advocated for identifying & addressing root causes of problems
Consulting Projects
April 2016 - December 2019 (3 years 9 months)
Greater Seattle Area
I worked with a number of teams, pairing with client developers to teach agile
software engineering practices while also writing & testing code to deliver
products:
PROJECTS:
• retail iPhone/iPad universal app; iOS & Objective-C [May–Sep 2016]
Page 3 of 8
• financial dashboard; Ruby on Rails [Sep 2016 – Feb 2017]
• supported important annual sales event for retail app
• simplified website to apply for loans; ASP.Net [Jul 2017 – Jan 2018]
• automated setting up tools for new teams; Angular [Jan–May 2018]
• searchable safety data; React, Python, C++ [May–Oct 2018]
• inventory management app; React, ASP.Net; remote [Nov–May 2019]
• Pivotal Tracker billing features; Ruby on Rails; remote [Jun–Sep 2019]
• improved internal IT team's processes [Sep–Dec 2019]
Ciemarr Software
Independent Software Consultant
January 2016 - March 2016 (3 months)
Greater Seattle Area
FLY-LITE: Entirely redesigned old-school, user-built website into a more
informative and cross-browser product page with improved UX. Taught client
how to edit source code themselves (HTML5, Sass, jQuery).
JABBERWOCKY LITERARY AGENCY: Interviewed employees to gather
requirements. Designed, implemented, tested, and supported a Ruby
program to automate the tedious, repetitive aspects of preparing an ebook
for publication, making the process less error-prone & time-consuming for
publishing agents.
Traveling in Mexico
Lived abroad & improved my Spanish like I'd always wanted!
January 2015 - December 2015 (1 year)
Mexico
Living abroad for a year is something I always wanted to do. I finally made
it happen: I spent all of 2015 in Mexico, traveling around and improving my
Spanish (from an intermediate to advanced conversational level). I'm so glad I
did this!
Google
4 years 1 month
Software Engineer, Google Domains
November 2012 - August 2014 (1 year 10 months)
Launched new Google Domains site. Developed primary pages ("Transfer
In" and "My Domains") from scratch based on mocks, including the pages’
functionality. Also designed & implemented a job-scheduling framework in
Java.
Page 4 of 8
Collaborated with remote support team to design & implement customer
service tools. Worked with them to determine what types of issues they
frequently encountered and how to best help them support those cases.
Software Engineer, YouTube
August 2011 - October 2012 (1 year 3 months)
Mountain View, CA
YOUTUBE, Video Management team
Implemented and launched a redesign of the video metadata editor page,
improving the usability and visual look of a major component of the YouTube
site used by content creators. Users vastly preferred this less cluttered design.
Designed, implemented, and launched the new "Creator Dashboard" page,
consolidating the most common data and actions that YouTube creators
frequently want to access. We launched to nearly universal praise from
users (which was very exciting!) and prioritized new features based on user
feedback.
Software Engineer, Jambool Acquisiton & Checkout Team
August 2010 - August 2011 (1 year 1 month)
Mountain View, CA
Google acquired Jambool in August. I supported our existing Social Gold
product, then did all the development tasks to gracefully sunset it.
On the Checkout team, I created graphs from analytics data to help visualize
our metrics using the Google Visualization library, Java, and GWT.
YouTube
Software Engineer
August 2011 - October 2012 (1 year 3 months)
Mountain View, CA
(see my role under "Google" above for details; Google owns YouTube)
Jambool
Software Engineer
December 2009 - August 2010 (9 months)
Seattle, WA
Page 5 of 8
Developed new analytics graphs with jQuery and Ruby on Rails to help
users manage their virtual economies. Answered developer-user questions,
debugged issues for clients, and fixed bugs that were discovered.
Acquired by Google in August 2010.
Recruiting.com (formerly Jobster)
Software Development Engineer
October 2009 - November 2009 (2 months)
Seattle, WA
Improved UX by preserving formatting of documents imported into a custom
Ruby on Rails CMS. Fixed bugs. Improved coverage by writing test cases
for each bug opened by QA. Was laid off when staff was reduced across the
board by ~50%.
Microsoft
Software Development Engineer
February 2008 - July 2009 (1 year 6 months)
Redmond, WA
Implemented crawl file generation in C# to enable search of our content;
added cross-browser features to website to improve user experience
(Javascript, HTML, CSS); cross-team collaboration with the Search team and
users of our system; volunteered to implement extra dev tools to reduce wait
time for dev check-ins.
Obopay
Independent Consultant
February 2008 - March 2008 (2 months)
Part-time support of the BillMonk.com website.
BillMonk
Software Engineer
April 2007 - December 2007 (9 months)
Seattle, WA
Designed and implemented new features for a Ruby on Rails website that
tracks informal debts among friends; developed Facebook application to make
BillMonk functionality available from within Facebook
Obopay Inc.
Software Engineer
April 2007 - December 2007 (9 months)
Page 6 of 8
Created new web-based tools for marketing department using Java, Struts,
and JSP. Developed Facebook application to make basic Obopay functionality
available from within Facebook.
CustomFlix
Web Developer
September 2006 - March 2007 (7 months)
San Luis Obispo, CA
Cross-browser HTML and CSS. Gathered requirements and wrote
specifications for other software engineers.
Apple Computer
Software Engineer Intern
June 2006 - September 2006 (4 months)
Cupertino, CA
Basic computational linguistics using Java to identify languages from short
example texts.
Microsoft
Software Design Engineer Intern
June 2005 - September 2005 (4 months)
Redmond, WA
Cross-browser HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. ASP.NET with C# code-behind.
Vizolutions
Java Programmer
June 2004 - October 2004 (5 months)
San Luis Obispo, CA
Wrote an automated test framework in Java.
Cal Poly Computer Science Department
Student Assistant
April 2004 - June 2004 (3 months)
San Luis Obispo, CA
Graded homework and training assessments for a software engineering
course for a quarter.
Cal Poly Computer Science Department
Student Assistant
February 2003 - May 2003 (4 months)
San Luis Obispo, CA
Page 7 of 8
Graded students' code for an introductory Java programming course; created
shell scripts to help automate grading; graded for one quarter.
Education
California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo
B.S., Computer Science, Linguistics · (2002 - 2007)
Las Lomas High School
Page 8 of 8
