Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
emmabernicerivera (LinkedIn)
emmabr.github.io (Personal)
Top Skills
C++
HTML
Python
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Honors-Awards
Deans Academic Distinction Award
Los Renombrados Finalist
Presidents Honor Award
Emma Rivera
Former Software Engineer Intern at Facebook | Honors Student |
Computer Science
Arcadia, California
Summary
Currently attaining my bachelors in Computer Science. Hoping to
attain my masters as well the following year. Actively looking for
either full time or internship positions in software development.
Experience
Bolar, LLC
Android Developer
October 2019 - Present (6 months)
Riverside
Facebook
Software Engineer Intern
June 2019 - September 2019 (4 months)
Menlo Park, California
Built a core UI component in Native Android using databinding which will be
used in next-gen Messenger, Lightspeed. Created unit tests and a screenshot
test for my component. Collaborated with engineers, designers, and managers
across teams, independently, to flesh out component.
SmartBot360
Web Developer
October 2018 - June 2019 (9 months)
Riverside, CA
Implemented stylistic changes to allow users to customize the appearance of
the SmartBot360 Web-bot. Added an emoji picker to the web-bot using react
components.
Integrated video chat to the web-bot using Agora.io.
Facebook
Facebook University Software Engineering Intern
June 2018 - August 2018 (3 months)
Seattle, Washington
Page 1 of 2
Developed an Android Application in four weeks on a team of three people.
Our app, ScheduleMe, is a scheduling app that helps busy individuals find
times to meet with family, friends, and coworkers. We used firebase database
and Google Calendar's API.
Added functionality for users to query other users, create groups, add others
to groups, create polls in messaging, update their username and profile image
in a settings activity, and login and register using firebase authentication.
Created a splash screen and worked on the apps UI/UX so users could have
a more positive experience using our app and so it would be more visually
appealing.
Organized daily stand-ups for our team every morning so we would know what
everyone was working on, answer any questions, and find out what our tasks
were for the day. In the end we presented our app to over 200 other students
and several full-time software engineers.
Education
University of California, Riverside
Bachelor of Science - BS, Computer Science · (2016 - 2020)
San Gabriel High School
· (2012 - 2016)
Page 2 of 2
