Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/bornbrie
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Swift
Customer Service
Leadership
Brianna Lee
Product Support Analyst at Accretive Technology Group
Greater Seattle Area
Summary
I started coding the day that Swift was in beta on October 22, 2014. I
have started companies, managed service departments, fixed Apple
products, built apps for large companies, built websites/marketing/
inventory/pos for small companies, and I have since grown more
and more fascinated with the depths of Artificial General Intelligence
and the onset of blockchains and decentralized data. Growing is my
objective, and fostering experiences and communities that fulfill the
positive aspects of ourselves, such as connection, compassion, and
empathy, is the vision I have for my future.
Experience
Accretive Technology Group
Product Support Analyst
December 2018 - Present (1 year 4 months)
Seattle, Washington
Hot Feet Fitness
X21 Instructor
December 2018 - Present (1 year 4 months)
Burien, Washington
The X21 Workout is designed to produce quick weight loss and muscle tone
improvement results. Using the bodies own weight as resistance is the key
component to the success of the X21 Workout. Being only 21 minutes means
it is a quick, high intensity workout that can be enjoyed multiple times a week.
When combined with the Hot Feet Fitness diet guides, optimal results can be
achieved.
Eightfold Yoga Clothing Co.
Co-Founder/Software Developer
January 2018 - Present (2 years 3 months)
Greater Seattle Area
Contribute to marketing concepts and branding of the company, including
logo, Instagram campaigns, color schemes, user experiences, user interface
Page 1 of 4
continuity, etc. Contributed to design of the Wordpress website. Helped
configure products across manufacturing chain, from website to manufacturing
to shipment. Developed open source WooCommerce SDK in Swift to enable
developers to build apps for iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS and allow a
native shopping experience for customers. Designed and developed an iOS
app for iPhone/iPad in Swift using latest SDKs and libraries.
Experimac
Lead Technician
March 2017 - Present (3 years 1 month)
Seattle, Washington
Part of the opening team launching a franchise location and kickstarting
business operations. Designed, built, and maintained an intuitive cloud-based
point-of-sale and service-ticketing system. Synced accounting software,
inventory, customer loyalty program, email newsletter, customer training class
schedules, service ticketing system, automated email follow-ups, and more
with point-of-sale.
Managed inventory, employee schedule, trained staff on repairs and
operations, submitted and approved payroll, and bought and sold inventory
from suppliers and customers.
Built multiple custom applications for iOS and Mac using Swift to boost
operations and repair productivity in-store.
Hands-on repairs consisting of troubleshooting, diagnosing and repairing all
customer Apple devices, including iPhones iPads, Macs, Apple Watches,
iPods, server-side maintenance, in-home repairs, and more. Consistently
created and maintained purchase orders for all repairs and interfaced with
customers for timely follow-ups with the status of their device.
Maintained a perfect 5-star rating across the board on many relevant review
sites, such as Yelp and Google Business. Built a positive reputation in the local
community around West Seattle.
CityMac
Service Manager
March 2014 - April 2016 (2 years 2 months)
Greater Seattle Area
Page 2 of 4
Apple Certified Mac Technician (ACMT). Responsible for all repairs of every
type of Apple product. Managed inventory, trained staff on repairs and
operations, interfaced directly with all customers for status updates and ETAs.
Managed certified Apple Service Center to facilitate AppleCare claims. Taught
public classes, both group sessions and one-on-one classes for laymen on
how to utilize their Apple products (i.e. what is iCloud, how does the iPhone
work, etc.). Consistently met and exceeded many peer salesman level quotas
despite also running service department simultaneously.
Salon Creative Design
iOS Developer
January 2015 - August 2015 (8 months)
Greater Seattle Area
Worked with existing design language to implement an iPhone app for
exploring everything there is to know about the Alaskan Holland America
cruise lines. Sole iOS developer on the team, responsible for bug fixes and
all implementation to the platform. Successfully released to the App Store
in August 2015. Winner of the Best Overall Cruise Mobile App by the Travel
Weekly magazine in 2015.
Game Thrift
Co-Founder/CEO
2015 - August 2015 (less than a year)
Greater Seattle Area
Founded startup focused on creating and fostering an environment and
marketplace for gamers to buy, sell, trade and bond over their favorite video
games. Our main product was an iOS app (that was never released) built from
scratch in Swift with a custom API writing with Django in Python running on
a remote server, allowing users to open a storefront and sell their used video
games across the country to and from one another.
PEAKS FROZEN CUSTARD LLC
Assistant Manager
September 2011 - August 2013 (2 years)
Greater Seattle Area
Managed fast-paced frozen custard (ice cream) shop. Implemented custom
scheduling system, order ticketing system, Square point-of-sale, opening
and closing procedures, tip distribution, trained employees on product quality
including prepping ingredients, fulfilling orders in a timely manner, barista skills
such as foaming lattes and espresso best-practices, and keeping face with
Page 3 of 4
customers. Left this job to attend El Camino de Santiago in Spain for 2 months
and travel the world.
FakeBaby Studios
Lead Producer / Co-Founder
January 2006 - June 2010 (4 years 6 months)
Greater Seattle Area
Produced and recorded multiple artists on a weekly basis. Maintained
recording gear and instruments including analogue mixers, PA systems,
condenser/dynamic/ribbon microphones, electric/acoustic guitars, drum sets
and hardware, digital audio converters, preamplifiers, outboard gear, etc.
Remodeled basement to accommodate isolation booth, tracking room, and
control room with soundproofing. Responsible for the end product and mixing/
mastering of most projects. Gave creative influence when necessary to adapt
an artist’s sound to a recorded format, working with the latest production
techniques in the audio engineering world. Dropped out of high school to run
this business full-time and attend audio engineering school.
Education
Shoreline Community College
Associate's degree, Digital Audio Engineering · (2008 - 2010)
Page 4 of 4
