Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/emma-
hyde-043077b3 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Java
Ruby
Software Development
Languages
English
Emma Hyde
Computer Science B.S., Software Engineer II
West Newton, Massachusetts
Summary
Backend- or full-stack-inclined Software Engineer with 3+ years
experience in Web Development. Advanced knowledge in Java
(Spring, SpringBoot) and Ruby (Rails). Familiarity with a host of
various Javascript frameworks (Backbone, Marionette, React, Vue).
Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Science (B.S.)
focused in Computer Science. Interested in solving or optimizing any
problem with intelligent, efficient code.
Note: I am uninterested in front-end only positions. Thank you!
Experience
Constant Contact
3 years 10 months
Software Engineer II
February 2019 - Present (1 year 2 months)
♦ Services, APIs: Enthusiastic about creating & designing new endpoints,
functionalities, and features at data/service-layer. Knowledgeable about
performance optimizations and common pitfalls. Breadth of knowledge in
strengths & weaknesses of various languages.
♦ Data Migration: Responsible for designing & developing a migration service,
an account mapping service, and a reverse proxy that work together to move
account data from on-prem servers to AWS Cloud. Collaborate with Cloud
team and DBAs to leverage EC2, DynamoDB, S3, CloudFormation, Aurora,
Lambdas,
♦ Production & Build Issues: Frequent support & on-call work. Use SQL,
Splunk, CloudWatch, SSH & CLI tools to isolate, test, and resolve production
and build issues. Experience communicating with customer service
representatives to bring fixes to customers. Perform deployments using
Jenkins, GitHub tooling, AWS and CLI, rolling back when necessary.
♦ Leadership: Mentor developers, both senior and junior, in team practices
and codebases. Provide guidance to peers through pairing and walkthroughs,
remote and in-office. Ensure cross- and inter-team communication and
Page 1 of 2
organize meetings & wikis. Participated in a rotational program through Core
Business Systems, Security, & CI/CD.
♦ Static Applications: Comfortable working in static applications using MVC-
structured Javascript, as well as a variety of Javascript frameworks.
Software Engineer
June 2016 - February 2019 (2 years 9 months)
Greater Boston Area
Education
University of Massachusetts Amherst
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Computer Science · (2012 - 2016)
Page 2 of 2
