Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/leahdickstein
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Ember.js
Python
Git
Languages
French (Limited Working)
Chinese (Native or Bilingual)
Honors-Awards
Leadership Scholarship
Center for Science of Information
Scholar
Semiconductor Research
Corporation Scholar
Leah Dickstein
Software Engineer at Facebook
Fremont, California
Summary
I'm currently a fourth-year student at UC Berkeley studying Electrical
Engineering and Computer Science. I currently do research with
Professor Alex Bayen, 4th year PhD student Cathy Wu and a group
of other talented individuals in deep reinforcement learning for traffic
control policies. Next semester I will be TA-ing for CS170 Algorithms.
I previously did research with Professor Sahai and Dr. Gireeja
Ranade in Control Theory; my project focuses on the tradeoff
between Delay and Control/System instability. My research is
funded by both SRC and NSF CSoI. I then worked on the effects
of delay and finite blocklength error-correcting codes in a wireless
communication protocol designed for control systems. We published
to Allerton Conference on Control, Communication and Computing.
In my spare time, I enjoy running (5-10 miles), indoor/outdoor rock
climbing, knitting, exploring new restaurants, and reading fantasy/sci-
fi/classics. I also like GoT and WestWorld.
Experience
Facebook
Software Engineer
July 2017 - Present (2 years 8 months)
Menlo Park
I worked for 1 year on Facebook App Monetization Ranking (ML for Ads). I
now work on AI Infra, building a platform to launch ML workflows in a scalable
and usable way.
Research in Reinforcement Learning
Researcher
October 2016 - May 2017 (8 months)
UC Berkeley
I am involved with a project under Professor Alex Bayen, 4th year PhD student
Cathy Wu, 2 other PhD students and 2 other undergraduates. I am focusing
Page 1 of 6
on applying deep reinforcement learning policies to a mixed autonomy traffic
problem for reducing energy consumption on highways. In short, a central
controller will give controls/actions to a set of self-driving cars, which will
hopefully guide traffic composed of human-operated cars.
Keywords: intelligent transportation systems, reinforcement learning, deep
learning, control
UC Berkeley
2 years 5 months
Research in Information/Control Theory and Communication Protocols
June 2014 - October 2016 (2 years 5 months)
I do research with Professor Sahai, Dr. Gireeja Ranade and PhD student
Vasuki Swamy in Information Theory, Control Theory, and Communications.
I presented my work at SRC TECHCON 2015, at which the top 10% of
undergrads funded by SRC were selected to present. My work was also
published at Allerton Conference for Communication, Control and Computing
2016.
L. Dickstein, V. Swamy, G. Ranade and A. Sahai “Finite Blocklength Coding
for Low Latency High Reliability Wireless Communication” Allerton (2016)
Applications include environment awareness and navigation in self driving
cars, smart thermostats (Google Nest), and control in robotics.
Communication channels are embedded in all technologies, and delay is
present in all real-world channels. In control systems, the plant is growing
increasingly unstable as time passes. The plant needs regular feedback from
the controller in a short timeframe, and delay will increase the instability of
the system. In contrast, delay means we are sending more bits across a
channel before doing anything, which leads to higher precision in the message
and higher reliability of decoding success. In this case, delay increases the
stability of the system. Furthermore, the message encoding rate determines
the message’s precision and reliability. I am exploring the relationship between
delay and system stability through various control and encoding strategies.
Keywords: Kalman Filter, Channel Coding/Theory, Linear estimation with
multiplicative noise, Finite blocklength regime, Error correcting codes
EE16A TA
Page 2 of 6
August 2015 - May 2016 (10 months)
Course Staff of EE16A, Designing Information Devices and Systems I,
a course of 450~750 students on linear algebra, circuits, and wireless
communications / signal processing.
I was the head TA of Content, meaning I was responsible for all homeworks
and discussion worksheets released to the course. I worked directly with the
professors and a team of Content TAs to generate 14 weeks of homework/
discussion problems+solutions and ensure they meshed with lecture and were
accessible to students.
I also taught a discussion section 2 hours a week of about 40~60 students. I
have held office hours, graded, and more.
This is the first time the course is being run, so there is a lot of work to be done
and it is very exciting!
http://inst.eecs.berkeley.edu/~ee16a/sp16/
I was previously a grader/course staff for CS70, Discrete Mathematics and
Probability.
Addepar
Full Stack Software Engineering Intern
May 2016 - August 2016 (4 months)
Mountain View, CA
Addepar is a financial software startup that helps investment firms analyze and
report on their client's portfolios.
I have a 12 week internship on the Files and Reporting team creating a 'Report
Generation Center' that will speed up the reporting workflow, allow clients to
download previously generated PDFs anytime, and significantly decrease the
number of report generation server failures.
My 13th week will be on rotation on the Portfolio Analysis team.
Frontend framework: Ember.js
Backend: Java
Database: MySQL
Los Alamos National Laboratory
Page 3 of 6
Research in Robotics and HCI
June 2015 - August 2015 (3 months)
Los Alamos, New Mexico
Participating in the Los Alamos Dynamics Summer School, my research
project is "Extending Human Proprioception to Cyberphysical Systems." A
team of two undergrads, two LANL mentors and I developed a new interface
for robotic control and a 3D simulation to test it.
We developed a vibro-haptic sleeve consisting of 4 pairs of cell phone
vibrators, which would vibrate as a linear function of the orientation of a robotic
arm. I personally created a 3D simulation of a robotic arm using ROS, Gazebo
and Pygame/Python to serve as the testbed for the sleeve. We tested the
sleeve+simulation on human subjects to see whether the interface produced
smoother and more efficient teleoperated robotic control. We hoped the
sleeve would exploit a psychological phenomenon relating to sensation in the
forearm, and our initial sleeve demonstrated that precision of vibration location
and frequency is crucial for improving teleoperated control via proprioception.
K. Keller, E. Robinson, L. Dickstein, H. Hahn, A. Cattaneo, and D. Mascarenas
“Extending human proprioception to cyber-physical systems” Proc. SPIE
9803, Sensors and Smart Structures Technologies for Civil, Mechanical, and
Aerospace Systems 2016, 980304 (April 20, 2016); doi:10.1117/12.2219534
Knitting 101 DeCal
Founder and Facilitator
January 2014 - May 2015 (1 year 5 months)
UC Berkeley
I founded and ran (with three other facilitators) the Knitting 101 DeCal. This is
a 40-60 person class worth 1 unit of pass/no pass credit with both beginner
and advanced sections in knitting techniques. We also teach knitting culture/
history.
For the first half of the class, yarn and needles are provided by a sponsor. For
the second half, students purchase a skein of yarn and make their own scarf
as their final project. The class covers knitting, purling, increases/decreases,
color changes, double knitting, cabling, knitting in the round, and more.
Find more information here: http://www.decal.org/courses/3216
Hackers@Berkeley
Page 4 of 6
Officer
October 2013 - May 2015 (1 year 8 months)
Hackers@Berkeley is the largest Computer Science club on campus. We host
workshops, hackathons, founder talks, and all kinds of other fun events for
building the hacker community!
For my last semester I led Operations committee, which is in charge of all
large-scale events like hackathons, Founder talks, Lightning talks, recruiting
events, etc.
Find more about us here: http://hackersatberkeley.com/ or our Facebook page.
University of North Texas
Bioinformatics/Plant Molecular Biology Internship
July 2012 - August 2012 (2 months)
Denton, Texas
This internship was my first experience with research, the summer after my
junior year of high school.
Extracted RNA from over 60 plants
Fixed tissues and dyeing for GUS activity
Cloned a gene:
Extract RNA → Synthesize cDNA → Purify → PCR amplification → Extract gene
via restriction enzyme → Add poly-A tails + Ligation into vector → bacterial
transformation → grown on plates → colony PCR → grown in liquid media →
plasmid extraction
Worked with Phylip, MrBayes, MEGA v4, etc. (Phylogeny analysis programs)
Used nearest-neighbor joining, maximum parsimony, maximum likelihood
and Bayesian methods to create phylogenetic tree of several hundred genes
related to NIP/LATD (a legume nodulation gene)
Experience with PCR machine, Nanodrop, Gel Electrophoresis, Spectrometer,
Centrifuge, Column Chromatography
Education
University of California, Berkeley
Bachelor of Science (BS), Electrical Engineering and Computer
Science · (2013 - 2017)
Mission San Jose High School
Page 5 of 6
· (2009 - 2013)
Page 6 of 6
