Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
emmachirapongse (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
PHP
jQuery
KnockoutJS
Emma Chirapongse
Engineer 4, Software Dev & Engineering at Comcast
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Summary
‍Passionate, resourceful fullstack developer with 10+ years of
professional experience.
Fluent in PHP, Javascript (Node, React, Redux), and Go.
Regularly geeks out on Machine Learning, Video Games, Comic
Books and all things fluffy and furry
Experience
Comcast
Engineer 4, Software Dev & Engineering
April 2019 - Present (1 year)
Greater Philadelphia Area
• Senior Lead on Sprint team for enterprise-level React application for
Comcast Business
ActiveCore SDN Platform
• UI Architect for Comcast Business My Account program and involved in the
future state
architecture group, transitioning the business services into bleeding edge
technologies by
building POCs, most prominently with CloudFormation templates deploying
Lambda
functions, API Gateways, IAM Roles, and SNS/SQS
TEKsystems
Senior Software Engineer
October 2018 - March 2019 (6 months)
Greater Philadelphia Area
Contracted for Comcast Business Services, built complex features on an
enterprise React and Redux application.
Rakuten Marketing
1 year 3 months
Page 1 of 3
Lead Software Engineer
May 2018 - October 2018 (6 months)
Greater Seattle Area
Managing 3 Software Engineers, focusing on skill development, mentorship,
and career path. Leading the authentication and security effort; Working with
Product Owners on requirements, Architects on system design, and my team
on the implementation plan. Technologies include Hashicorp Vault integration,
first party OAuth2 implementation, and Kong as an API Gateway
Senior Software Engineer
August 2017 - April 2018 (9 months)
Greater Seattle Area
Working with senior level and above development members on high-impact,
customer-facing products including a White Label Dashboard solution for our
Advertisers (Customers include Birchbox, Jet, Saraiva and Dr. Axe). I have
been involved on all aspects of this project, from backend (PHP Symfony 3)
to frontend (AngularJS), including deployment (Dockerization, Jenkins, Circle
CI) and testing strategies (Backend: PHPUnit, Automated Functional API tests;
Frontend: Protractor, E2E Automated Tests). Other projects include creating
various apps for GDPR compliance (Go microservices, Go packages, ReactJS
apps).
EmmaCodes, LLC
Freelance Software Engineer
September 2016 - July 2017 (11 months)
Consulted for Rakuten Marketing on a Symfony 3 + AngularJS project
Bark & Co.
Technical Lead
March 2016 - August 2016 (6 months)
Directly managed 2 software engineers, through a range of projects ranging
from custom implementations on BarkPost.com, a WordPress site, to backend
Laravel apps that support our mobile app push notifications as well as a
complex migration of 2.5M email subscribers from one ESP to another.
Implemented a SMS management app in Laravel that interfaces with Twilio to
reach our audience and manage SMS subscriptions.
Rakuten Marketing
4 years 10 months
Software Engineer
October 2013 - March 2016 (2 years 6 months)
Page 2 of 3
Greater New York City Area
Lead and manage a team of up to 5 senior engineers, both onshore and
offshore to deliver on time a complex Symfony 2 and AngularJS application
that allowed our clients to build custom reports, querying vast terabytes of
data.Also lead and managed a team of 3 senior engineers on a new project
using Symfony 3 and AngularJS. While managing, I enforced code quality with
code reviews and design discussions, as well as implementation.
Junior Software Engineer
June 2011 - September 2013 (2 years 4 months)
Fixed bugs as well as implementing new features in legacy interfaces. Involved
in developing new APIs and Front End Applications, Publisher Registration
Form and Custom Reporting application, with Symfony 2 Framework and
Knockout.js. Worked on unit testing our new Node.js Data Mart process and
created automated backend PHP scripts to backup a sharded Mongo cluster.
LinkShare
LinkShare Leadership Development Program
July 2010 - May 2011 (11 months)
Participated in a rotational program across the Systems Development and
Database Administration departments. Wrote and maintained back-end Perl
scripts, client-facing and internal system web applications utilizing PHP and
MySQL. Created a complex data model, documenting the relationships in each
of our Tier 1 services.
Education
New York University
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Science · (2007 - 2010)
Page 3 of 3
