Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/catherine-yeo
(LinkedIn)
catherineyeo.tech (Personal)
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Chinese (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Intro to Data Analysis
Machine Learning
Honors-Awards
CS and Math
Other Awards
Publications
Polynomials That Behave Like The
Riemann Zeta-Function
Catherine Yeo
CS @ Harvard
San Francisco Bay Area
Experience
Harvard University
Teaching Fellow
January 2020 - Present (3 months)
Teaching Fellow for CS 124 (Data Structures and Algorithms).
MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL)
Undergraduate Research Assistant
September 2019 - Present (7 months)
PixelHacks
Founder, Executive Director
October 2016 - Present (3 years 6 months)
- Founded & presided over PixelHacks, the Bay Area's first all-female and
student-run high school hackathon. Introduced 200+ high school women to
computer science, technology, and entrepreneurship.
- Oversaw logistics, managed team, & secured $50K+ of monetary & in-kind
sponsorships over 2 years.
- Featured by Teen Vogue, Yahoo News, CS4ALL, and other outlets.
- Served as a mentor for future PixelHacks programs.
Apple
Software Engineering Intern
May 2019 - August 2019 (4 months)
Cupertino
Intern on the Xcode team within the Developer Tools department.
- Developed automation infrastructure for Xcode’s testing platforms.
- Designed and implemented pipeline to integrate testing systems with multiple
backend services and Splunk.
TechTogether
Technology Team Chair / Front-End Developer
April 2018 - March 2019 (1 year)
Page 1 of 3
- Worked with a team of 30+ other students to organize TechTogether,
Boston's largest all-female and femme non-binary hackathon (formerly known
as SheHacks Boston).
- Front-end development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) for the organization/event's
website.
Emory University
Mathematics Research Fellow
April 2017 - August 2017 (5 months)
- Conducted research on producing an infinite class of polynomials that
satisfies the Riemann zeta-function. One paper published (with co-author).
- Participated in Emory University's REU (Research Experiences for
Undergraduates). Awarded through & sponsored by the Spirit of Ramanujan
Global Math Talent Search Fellowship.
Khan Academy
2 years 4 months
Director and Member of Khan Academy's Student Advisory Council
July 2015 - August 2017 (2 years 2 months)
- Headed the national council of 40 high school and college students.
- Designed, advised, and reviewed projects that helped improve Khan
Academy’s content and strategy (for example, reviewing math and science
videos/articles and providing feedback on how the articles could be improved
for students).
Content Team Intern
May 2015 - June 2015 (2 months)
- Evaluated ~2000 videos for the Khan Academy Talent Search video contest.
- Created math and computer programming exercises and quizzes.
- Designed illustrations for the website’s interface and math exercises.
- Tabulated 1500 Excel data responses regarding educational YouTube
channels.
- Evaluated all applications for the Student Advisory Council.
Stanford University
Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory Outreach Summer Program
(SAILORS)
August 2015 - August 2015 (1 month)
Page 2 of 3
SAILORS is a two-week program that provides both broad exposure to AI
topics through faculty lectures and industry field trips, as well as an in-depth
experience with a research area through hands-on projects.
- 1 of 24 students selected worldwide, full tuition paid for all participants in
2015.
- Built a Python platform that utilized natural-language processing (Bayesian
models) to aid disaster relief, specifically categorizing tweets from Hurricane
Sandy into those asking for help and those providing help.
Education
Harvard University
Computer Science and Mathematics · (2018 - 2022)
Stanford Online High School
· (2016 - 2018)
Page 3 of 3
