Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/julia-bighetto
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Teamwork
Team Leadership
Leadership
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Portuguese (Native or Bilingual)
Spanish (Limited Working)
Certifications
Introduction to Programming Using
JavaScript
TOEFL IBT
Introduction to Programming Using
HTML and CSS
Julia B.
Computer Science and Advertising student
Boston, Massachusetts
Summary
I am a student with interest in data science, data analysis,
communications and the world of technology. I have a passion for
creating and leading projects and is always eager to learn more
about new areas of interest. I have a strong record of leadership,
organization, and proactiveness.
I am looking for full-time jobs for the second semester of 2020 that
will help me expand my areas of interest and knowledge towards
computer science and communications.
Key Skills Include:
• Critical thinking
• Problem-solving
• Decision making
• Interpersonal skills
• Logical mindset
• Ambitious
Experience
Boston University
2 years 10 months
Research Assistant
May 2019 - Present (11 months)
Boston, MA
Computer Science Mentor
September 2019 - Present (7 months)
Peer Mentor
June 2017 - May 2019 (2 years)
International peer mentor at Boston University, helping incoming international
freshmen to adjust to the American culture while answering questions about
the university itself.
Page 1 of 4
• She personally contacts incoming freshmen to answer their questions and
ease their minds about adjusting into an American university;
• She represents a point of contact for incoming freshmen to reach me
throughout the school year if ever needed;
• She can represent a bridge between a freshman and his/her teacher
International Peer mentor during Sophomore and Junior year.
Boston University Brazilian Association
3 years 7 months
President
May 2019 - Present (11 months)
Vice President
September 2018 - May 2019 (9 months)
Vice President at the Brazilian Association club at Boston University.
Representative
September 2016 - September 2018 (2 years 1 month)
Sabor Latino
Public Relations Chair
December 2017 - May 2019 (1 year 6 months)
Greater Boston Area
Public Relations Chair for the dance team Sabor Latino from Boston
University.
• She creates posters, flyers, and digital media to be distributed for events and
performances.
• Promotes Sabor Latino’s events, shows, and performances through social
networks.
• Administrator for all social media accounts including Facebook, Instagram,
Twitter, YouTube, and Spotify.
• Creates Facebook events for all of Sabor Latino’s events.
BRASA - Brazilian Student Association
Technology Analyst
September 2018 - March 2019 (7 months)
Part of a non-profit organization created by Brazilian undergraduates and
graduates studying all over the world.
Page 2 of 4
• She gathered, analyzed and reported data from conferences and events
(using Readash) to better understand strengths and weaknesses from our
Marketing program
• Created and updated the Alumni database (using Readash)
• Helped organize conferences (Brazusc 2018)
Vaco
Google Student Innovator
July 2018 - March 2019 (9 months)
Boston, MA
Member of a team of 200 throughout the country promoting Google Cloud
Platform and its products to each respective university.
• She promotes Google Cloud Platform with campus peers and faculty
• Organizes big and small events throughout the school year to make GCP
accessible for peers and faculties
• Represents a point of contact between peers/faculty and GCP related
products.
SheHacksBoston
Programming Director
November 2017 - March 2019 (1 year 5 months)
Greater Boston Area
As the Programming Director for the world's largest hackathon for femmale
and non-binary students, Julia works closely with my team to reach out to
people interested in sharing their work experience with girls from all over the
country.
• She manages every workshop that is on schedule for the event;
• Personally makes sure that the workshops and keynote speakers have
enough time and space for a good presentation in order to excel the hackers'
learning experience
18moons - early childhood mobile platform
Back-end Intern
July 2018 - September 2018 (3 months)
Greater Boston Area
Member of a small group working towards developing an app utilizing Natural
Language Generator and Deep Learning. The app is directed to low-income
families with children between 1 and 5 years old. The child will be able to learn
the name of objects around him by taking pictures with the smartphone.
Page 3 of 4
• Works closely with my teammates to build a back end for the app via python
and SQL
• Develops code which will receive a .json file with specific words and build a
sentence utilizing the words in the language specified by the user and with the
level of complexity based on the child's age
Itaú Unibanco
Intern
June 2017 - August 2017 (3 months)
São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil
Working at the IT area, helping develop system for artificial intelligence for the
bank's chatbot
Education
Boston University
Bachelor's degree, Computer Science · (2016 - 2020)
Northern Valley Regional High School
High School Diploma · (2014 - 2016)
Chapel School
High School Diploma · (2012 - 2014)
Page 4 of 4
