Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/olivia-
choudhury-0b207395 (LinkedIn)
researcher.watson.ibm.com/
researcher/view.php (Personal)
Top Skills
Distributed Computing
Parallel Computing
High Performance Computing
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Bengali (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Patent File
Honors-Awards
Best Paper Award Nomination
NSF Award
EIGH PhD Fellowship
Faculty Choice Award - Annual
Research Symposium
Grace Hopper Scholarship
Publications
A Blockchain Framework for
Ensuring Data Quality in Multi-
Organizational Clinical Trials
Auto-translation of Regulatory
Documents into Smart Contracts
Expanding Tasks of Logical
Workflows Into Independent
Workflows for Improved Scalability
Federated Learning for Predicting
Clinical Events with Distributed
Patient Dataset
An integrated pathway system
modeling of Saccharomyces
cerevisiae HOG pathway: a Petri net
based approach
Olivia Choudhury
Federated Learning, Cloud Computing, Healthcare, Genomics,
Blockchain, Data Privacy
Cambridge, Massachusetts
Experience
IBM T. J. Watson Research Center
Researcher
July 2017 - Present (2 years 9 months)
Yorktown Heights
1. Developing privacy-preserving federated machine learning models,
compliant with HIPAA and GDPR, for analyzing distributed and sensitive health
data
2. Designing secure and robust blockchain-based platforms for managing and
sharing sensitive data
3. Deploying cloud-based frameworks and microservices, using Kubernetes
and Kubeflow, for portable, scalable, and modular data analysis applications
4. Building a framework to manage Service-Level Agreement (SLA), detect
violation of QoS, and perform root cause analysis in composite cloud platforms
Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard
Visiting Scientist
June 2019 - Present (10 months)
1. Developing algorithms to improve the predictive power of polygenic
risk scores that can help clinicians identify patients at serious risk for
cardiovascular disease
2. Building multivariate models on time series health data for predictive
analysis
3. Collaborating with physicians at Massachusetts General Hospital to improve
the clinical impact of the work
IEEE Blockchain
Vice-Chair of Worldwide Committee and Managing Editor
December 2018 - Present (1 year 4 months)
Ph. D Fellowship
EIGH Fellow
August 2015 - June 2017 (1 year 11 months)
Page 1 of 3
Patents
Intercepting Inadvertent
Conversational Disclosure of
Personal Information
A system and method to visualize
and evaluate privacy policy
compliance from a network of
websites
System and Method for Hierarchical
Aggregation of Local Models in
Federated Learning
System and Method for Anonymizing
Relational Data and Textual Data
System and Method for Anonymizing
Healthcare Networks using Network-
based Attributes and Entity-based
Access Rights
University of Notre Dame
Ph.D.
August 2012 - June 2017 (4 years 11 months)
1. Developed iterative machine learning algorithms to improve quality of
genomic data
2. Designed a fast, memory-efficient, and accurate algorithm to impute missing
data
3. Devised cloud-based infrastructure to expedite analysis of large-scale
genomic workflows
4. Built predictive models to optimize resource utilization of cloud platforms,
including Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, and Microsoft Azure
Broad Institute
Research Intern
May 2016 - August 2016 (4 months)
Cambridge, MA
1. Developed predictive models to control malaria and Zika outbreak
2. Analyzed mosquito genome to determine their impact on disease
transmission and methods of disease control
IBM Watson
Watson Tools and Automation Specialist
June 2015 - August 2015 (3 months)
1. Designed and deployed automated infrastructures for Watson applications
(Watson oncology) on the cloud
2. Created automated monitors to authenticate and authorize activities for
Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS)
3. Reduced overall runtime of operation from 490 hours/week to 2 hours/week
Tata Consultancy Services
Assistant Systems Engineer
January 2012 - April 2012 (4 months)
India
1. Developed a mobile carrier service supporting customer, tariff, and bill
management using C++, HTML, JScript, and Postgres
2. Extended the service to scale up across thousands of customers and
support millions of data transactions
Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata
Undergraduate Research Intern
Page 2 of 3
August 2010 - September 2011 (1 year 2 months)
Kolkata Area, India
1. Developed statistical models to design the interplay between integrated
networks
2. Discovered association of attributes in biological network with disease
transmission
Institute of Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering (IETE)
Undergraduate Intern
June 2010 - August 2010 (3 months)
Education
University of Notre Dame
Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), Computer Science and
Engineering · (2012 - 2017)
University of Notre Dame
Master of Science (M.S.), Computer Science and Engineering · (2016)
Page 3 of 3
