Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/elise-favia-
a602406b (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Microsoft Office
Python
Programming
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
French (Elementary)
Italian (Limited Working)
Honors-Awards
Richmond Scholar, Artist
Designation (Music)
Scholarship for Employees' Children
Certificate of Commendation
All A's List
Dean's List
Elise Favia
Computer Scientist and Mathematician
Baltimore, Maryland Area
Summary
My name is Elise Favia and I received a Bachelor of Science
in Computer Science and Mathematics, with minors in Music
and Dance (and significant coursework in linguistics), at the
University of Richmond. I am fortunate to have received a full-tuition
undergraduate scholarship as part of the Richmond Artist Scholars
program. I am a creative and technical person and do well with tasks
involving both abstract and concrete thinking. My creative thinking
has been developed extensively through my heavy involvement in
the performing arts (studying, performing, arranging, & composing
music; performing, directing, & designing for theater; studying,
performing, & choreographing dance).
My main career interests are in cryptology and computer & network
security. I love learning and consider myself a life-long learner, also
enjoying many other fields such as electronics/circuitry, algebra,
coding theory, number theory, foreign language study (especially
Romance languages), and linguistics.
A NOTE TO THOSE REQUESTING TO CONNECT: I generally
don't accept requests from people I don't know. Unless I know you
well (i.e. will recognize your name), if it is not obvious from your
profile how I know you, please send me a message when requesting
reminding me how I know you. This goes for acquaintances from
groups as well (for example, NCWIT girls, I'll happily connect with
you, but please let me know that you're a member!). Thank you!
Experience
United States Department of Defense
Computer Scientist and Mathematician
June 2018 - Present (1 year 9 months)
University of Richmond
Page 1 of 3
3 years 5 months
Orchestra Conductor's Assistant, Department of Music
September 2017 - May 2018 (9 months)
Assist conductor with such tasks as setting and tearing down the stage for
rehearsals.
Student Grader, CS Department
January 2015 - May 2018 (3 years 5 months)
Assist professor by grading and correcting homework, including labs, and/
or programming projects. Also provide students with meaningful feedback
on these assignments. Invitation-only position primarily for upperclassmen
who are Math or CS majors; however, occasionally underclassmen with
exceptional ability/aptitude in Math and CS and with mastery of extensive
coursework in the field may qualify. Hired as a first-semester freshman.
Graded a 300-level course as a junior; graders typically only assist with 100-
and 200-level courses.
Courses:
CS301 Computer Organization Fall 2016
CS222 Discrete Structures Fall 2017, Spring 2018
CS221 Data Structures Spring 2015 (two sections), Spring 2016, Fall 2016,
Spring 2017, Fall 2017
CS150 Intro to Computing Fall 2015
United States Department of Defense
Mathematics Intern
May 2017 - August 2017 (4 months)
Interned as a research mathematician, analyzing various cryptosystems.
Studied & implemented efficient probabilistic/clustering algorithms. Prepared
findings for presentations to various research centers and senior leadership.
Submitted detailed findings in an internal refereed technical paper.
United States Department of Defense
Computer Science Intern
May 2016 - August 2016 (4 months)
Interned as a developer on a cloud storage service team. Designed and
developed data migration software used to transition and decommission a
system. Automated bulk queries, file processing, and interactions with cloud
architecture.
Page 2 of 3
Education
Johns Hopkins Engineering for Professionals
Master of Science - MS, Computational and Applied
Mathematics · (2019 - 2022)
University of Richmond
Bachelor’s of Science, Computer Science and Mathematics · (2014 - 2018)
Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology
High School, Computer Systems Senior Tech Lab · (2010 - 2014)
Page 3 of 3
