Contact
shante@thewoman.com
www.linkedin.com/in/shante-austin
(LinkedIn)
github.com/ShanteDenise (Other)
Top Skills
JavaScript
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)
HTML5
Shante Austin
Software Engineer
Greater Atlanta Area
Summary
Creative Full-Stack Software Developer knowledgeable in
structuring, developing and implementing responsive applications.
Former Executive Assistant, Product Development team member
and Sales Associate with a passion for growth and learning.
Experience
Cox Automotive Inc.
Software Engineer
April 2019 - Present (11 months)
Atlanta, Georgia
Software Engineer - (MERN stack)
General Assembly
Web Development Immersive Student
August 2018 - December 2018 (5 months)
Atlanta Ga
Participated in a full-time immersive web development course, completing
in-class projects and personal projects focused on real-world applications of
development principles and best practices.
Century Systems
Executive Assistant
February 2017 - August 2018 (1 year 7 months)
•Conducted research and gathered data for review and presentation each
week for meetings
•Used various software, including Microsoft word and excel.
•Increased social media followers from 0 to over 150,000 followers on all
platforms by effectively using promotions and engaging with the audience.
•Made travel arrangements for executives.
•Performed bi-weekly maintenance of executive’s office and organizing.
•Organized office property that reflects the ability to perform and prioritize
multiple tasks seamlessly with excellent attention to detail.
•Provided general administrative support.
Page 1 of 3
Bronner Brothers, Inc.
Product Development Specialist
February 2017 - August 2018 (1 year 7 months)
•Discovered new concepts and ideas for new hair products.
•Provided data obtained through researched to improve existing products
•Collaborated with multiple departments including manufacturing and R&D
innovation.
•Used Primary and Secondary research methods to conduct market research
AT&T
Retail Sales Consultant
December 2015 - February 2017 (1 year 3 months)
Chattanooga, Tennessee Area
•Sold products and services offered though AT&T and DIRECTV
•Strategized and planned to pursue new sales opportunities with each
customer account
•Met and exceeded sales metrics monthly by up-selling
•Answered customers' questions about products prices, availability, uses, and
credit terms.
•Maintained client relations to build excellent rapport for services and produce
repeat business.
•Stayed up-to-date on the latest data/entertainment technology and
devices as well as the competition.
Enterprise Rent-A-Car
Reservations Sales Representative
2012 - 2015 (3 years)
•Handled 80-100 incoming calls per day and talked with potential customers
across multiple states and time zones.
•Efficiently guided conversations and applied sales techniques to convert calls
into reservations.
•Offered alternatives and options to overcome objections.
•Maintain a courteous and pleasant demeanor while speaking with external
and internal customers
•Maintained a courteous and pleasant demeanor while speaking with external
and internal customers
•Followed sales techniques to maximize revenue
•Handled multiple tasks talking with customers while accessing information in a
computer
•Consistently meet established performance and quality standards
Page 2 of 3
Education
General Assembly
Full Stack Web Development · (2018 - 2018)
Per Scholas
Web Development · (2018 - 2018)
South Georgia Technical College
Networking Specialist · (2014 - 2015)
Darton College
Diagnostic Medical Sonography · (2012 - 2014)
Page 3 of 3
