Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/clairedong
(LinkedIn)
clairedong.com (Portfolio)
Top Skills
Leadership
Entrepreneurship
Public Speaking
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Chinese (Professional Working)
Honors-Awards
NCWIT Aspirations in Computing
Award
USA Computing Olympiad Gold
Division
Department Awards of Honor- AP
European History, AP Calculus AB
Department Award of Honor - AP
English Language
Department Award of Merit - AP
Calculus BC
Claire D.
Computer Science Student at MIT
Cambridge, Massachusetts
Experience
DocSpera
Software Engineer Intern
January 2020 - Present (3 months)
Sunnyvale, CA
• Refactored DocSpera’s Android native app from using Apache HttpClient
library to OkHttp library.
• Resolved deadlock issues by moving UI code in Async Callback to UI thread.
Tailored LLC
Co-Founder, Operations
June 2018 - Present (1 year 10 months)
Tailored is an aggregated online shopping platform that utilized machine
learning to personalize the online shopping process.
• Gained over 350 signups, 3 partnerships, and a 92% satisfaction rate
towards suggestion algorithm.
• Worked on programming the machine learning algorithm, acquiring
partnerships with clothing lines, conducting beta tests, branding, and pitching
the idea to investors
HackMIT
Logistics
August 2019 - Present (8 months)
• Ran MIT’s largest undergraduate hackathon for 1,000 students from around
the world.
• Managed relations with local hotels and sponsors, manned help desk during
hackathon to resolve concerns.
Self-employed
Freelance Photographer
December 2016 - Present (3 years 4 months)
Photographer for prom, graduation, and parties. Personal projects include
astrophotography, long exposure city nightlife, and nature scenes.
Page 1 of 3
University of Pennsylvania Management and Technology Summer
Institute
Student
July 2018 - July 2018 (1 month)
• Took college-level business and engineering courses at the University of
Pennsylvania’s Management and Technology Summer Institute
• Developed prototype Breeze, an automatic smart window add-on that opens
and closes based on temperature
• Worked on hardware and software, created and pitched go-to-market plan.
Impact LLC
Co-Founder
June 2017 - December 2017 (7 months)
Impact is an online platform for adults to hire local high schoolers for "odd jobs"
such as babysitting, tutoring, etc.
• Responsible for market research analysis, outreach, and organizing launch in
SF Bay Area
• Gained over 100 users in 3 core geographies
• Facilitated exchange of $1050 between adults and students through jobs set
up by Impact
TutorSync
Math Tutor
August 2016 - August 2017 (1 year 1 month)
San Francisco Bay Area
• Taught middle and high school level math.
• Created lesson plans tailored to each student's needs.
Kidz Love Soccer
Soccer Coach
June 2016 - October 2016 (5 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
• Coached soccer summer camps for children ranging from ages 4-10
• Helped players develop the fundamentals skills of soccer while fostering
players' love for the sport
• 15 hours/week
Education
Page 2 of 3
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Bachelor's degree, Computer Science · (2019 - 2023)
Adrian C. Wilcox High School
· (2015 - 2019)
Page 3 of 3
